"move, move, move, move!"
yoongi shouts, voice tight with terror as he shoves at taehyung’s back and sends him tumbling towards the elevator.
taehyung’s shoulder collides with the metal doors and they vibrate from the impact.
he jams his blood-soaked fingers into the down arrow button frantically, and yoongi watches the glowing numbers above the doors count down once the elevator starts to descend the floors at a tortuous creeping pace.
whipping back around, yoongi sees the infected swarming into the hallway in masses.
he stumbles back on shaky legs and presses his back to taehyung's, holding his knife in front of him even though it is of no real use.
not when taehyung has a hand clamped around his bloody bicep where the bite sits, and not when they have neither the antidote nor a helpful firearm.
yoongi clamps his teeth shut when he feels a scream grow in his throat.
"how many floors?"
he hisses quietly.
"four," taehyung grunts out.
he sounds out of breath, and yoongi's eyes briefly dart to the wound on his arm that has bled through his shirt and painted it red.
the sight of it makes yoongi swallow hard, like if he dares to breathe too openly, he’ll scream.
"three," taehyung counts, voice hoarse.
yoongi feels taehyung’s back hunch over and tremble as he braces his forearms against the elevator doors to hold himself up.
they don't have long, and yoongi's face crumples when he recalls taehyung shoving him out of the way of the infected’s jaw only for it to sink its teeth into his own arm.
he closes his eyes for a second and blinks back the tears because they don’t have the fucking time for that.
despite their frightening numbers, the infected have terrible coordination and navigation skills due to their poor eyesight.
but yoongi swallows down the ugly sob building in his throat because they make up for their bad vision with terrifying auditory perception.
more of them continue to spill into the narrow hallway, stumbling and falling over each other in their blind haphazard attempts to locate them.
and yoongi instinctively leans back when one of them gets too close.
taehyung hisses in pain at the added weight.
"two," he strains his neck to whisper into yoongi’s ear, and yoongi tightens his grip around the hilt of his knife.
his hands are shaking uncontrollably and he can’t hear anything past the thundering of his heart, so hard and fast his chest hurts.
nineteen floors—they just need to reach the nineteenth floor in the little time they have.
seokjin had stored the vials of their experimental antidote in his office.
they hadn’t gotten an opportunity to test it yet so there’s no guarantee that it’ll work.
but with taehyung’s body shaking as he draws in terrifyingly shallow breaths, yoongi is left with very little options.
the seconds slowly crawl by, each one of them feeling like a lifespan of its own, and yoongi tries to will the wild throbbing of his heart.
he would call for help had he not lost his phone and all hopes of contact with the others along with it in the midst of the chaos.
"one," taehyung cautions under his breath.
a few of the infected have crawled closer, and something horrible and uneasy starts to slither under yoongi’s skin as the elevator creeps down slowly.
he feels taehyung lean away from the doors, and for a moment everything goes frightfully still.
like the world is holding its breath.
then yoongi hears the pleasant ding!
that announces the elevator’s arrival.
and like a lightning bolt, hundreds of necks crack and whip in their direction in eerie synchronization just as the elevator gives away their location.
yoongi’s eyes widen and then freeze stiff in horror.
the infected immediately start to crawl over one another with alarming speed in order to get to them first, and for a brief moment yoongi is rooted to his spot, fright locking his muscles tight in paralysis.
he wants to run, but he can’t move.
but then yoongi feels taehyung’s body twist behind him.
taehyung grips yoongi tight by the forearm, and with a sudden burst of strength, just about flings him inside the elevator.
yoongi lets out a loud broken scream when his head hits the wall and his shoulder is pushed into the floor hard.
his eyes fly open to see taehyung standing before the lift's doors.
he’s blocking the infected’s path to the elevator, his fingers curled tight around the hilt of the knife he’d snatched out of yoongi’s hand.
the doors begin to close, and all at once, yoongi is hit with the brutal realisation of what taehyung intends to do.
he watches the infected drag themselves over each other’s writhing bodies till one of them gets close, close enough to lunge at taehyung with its jaw hinged wide open.
and for one long bone-chilling moment, yoongi can’t move.
can’t breathe.
he feels the horror seize him tight by the throat and shove him down into the floor, one hand squeezing his throat and the other pushing down hard on his chest.
pushing and pushing till all air is forced out of his lungs and yoongi’s left gasping for breath.
taehyung drives the blade down the infected’s mouth, wedging it between its teeth to hold its jaw open as he hacks at it from the inside.
but there’s no way he can hold back the entire sea of infected bodies crawling towards him.
only an inch of a gap remains between the elevator doors.
stricken by a panicked urgency, yoongi pushes himself off the floor.
he wheezes—he can’t breathe, can’t suck in air when his stomach is clenched tight.
he scrambles up on his knees and dives forward just in time to shove a palm between the metal doors and keep them from closing in.
the doors jerk to a stop and then groan as they open once again.
yoongi falls forward on his palms as he tries to catch his breath.
he can see taehyung struggling to hold back the growing throng of infected bodies surging towards him.
one of them tries to bite down on his thigh but taehyung kicks it away with a boot to its face.
his injured arm is restraining his movements and keeping him from fighting like he typically would.
another infected grabs onto his bitten bicep.
its frame is so small that yoongi suspects it’s a girl no older than eleven.
but he has no room left inside him for sympathy.
he leaps up to his feet and surges forward to tear her off taehyung’s arm, tossing her to the side where she hits the wall with a loud crack and crumples.
taehyung whips around to look at him with startled eyes.
"why are you—" he starts but doesn’t get to finish what he’s saying because yoongi is lunging further forward to grab him by the back of his collar.
"you suicidal fucker," he spits and tugs at his shirt to wrench him back into the elevator, deaf to taehyung’s protests as he repeatedly slams his palm down on the button to close the elevator’s doors.
but it’s too slow, and more of the infected have crawled over the ones that fell before them.
one of them reaches forward with its hand and grabs the edge of the door to stop them from falling shut.
yoongi stumbles back and shoves taehyung towards the far end of the elevator.
taehyung cries out in pain when his arm collides against the wall.
yoongi blindly pats the floor behind him to reach for the knife as the infected pushes its way in and snarls at them, its spittle hitting yoongi in the face when it opens its jaw wide enough to bite their heads off their necks.
yoongi’s fingers finally curl around the familiar metal just as the infected lunges at him.
and he ducks to the side, falling hard on his elbow and biting down on his tongue to crush the scream that threatens to leave him.
the infected makes a horrible sound, something between a screech and a croak, and yoongi twists his torso to grab it by the hair from behind.
it thrashes in his hold, but yoongi jerks its head back to keep it from biting him.
it is easier to convince himself that the infected are no longer human; it certainly helps lift the weight of the guilt that comes crawling up to his chest in the deepest hours of the night and threatens to throttle him.
but no matter how much he wants to believe it, yoongi knows that they are still human.
the few experiments jimin and he had run have left no doubt that not only do they perceive pain just like the rest of them, the infected also possess sophisticated cognitive abilities to an extent.
but for all their tests, they still only know so much about them.
despite namjoon's persistent attempts to communicate with them, they’ve had little success.
the infected can talk, that is not the mystery, but nothing in their observed verbal repertoire seems to bear resemblance to any known language.
there have been instances of the infected displaying cooperative behavior as well, but with what little they know of their speech and cognition, it is hard to learn exactly how cooperation between them is possible.
all they know for certain is that the virus spreads via blood or bite, and that once it makes its journey to the head, it causes drastic mutations in the brain, ones that have never been observed before.
at this distance, yoongi can tell that the infected in his hold is a woman in her early twenties, and even though yoongi left his morals behind him long before the pandemic hit them, it certainly doesn’t make the job any easier.
it’s not his first time killing one of them, but it is seokjin or jungkook or taehyung who are typically sent out to assist in extermination or capture missions.
the thought of taehyung bleeding out on the floor not a meter away from him is what has yoongi driving his knee into the woman's spine to hold her still.
he takes the sharp edge of the knife and jams it into the carotid artery running along the side of her neck.
the woman thrashes harder and tries to twist out of his grasp, but yoongi grits his teeth and drags the knife in an arc to slice her trachea open.
a nauseating amount of blood seeps into his hand, but the woman stops moving, her horrifying noises dying once she collapses on the floor underneath him.
the relief is short-lived because yoongi immediately hears more of them behind him.
he pries out the bloody knife and twists around to see a crawling mass of bodies with twisted limbs and hideous hanging mouths.
on any other occasion, taehyung and he wouldn’t stand a chance with just a knife on them.
but due to the sheer number of infected bodies—each one of them trying to cram itself inside first—and the elevator’s entrance serving as a bottleneck, they’ve been able to hold out for this long.
and time is both a curse and a blessing because while they have so little of it, this delay is also their only way out.
the alarm starts blaring right at that moment.
after holding the doors for so long, the elevator is finally going to force itself shut.
"please stand clear of the closing doors," a mechanized voice announces before the doors start closing unprompted.
"yoongi!"
taehyung shouts at him.
"move!"
yoongi springs away from the entrance, taken by surprise by the sharp bark in taehyung’s voice, and he almost trips over the corpse behind him when there’s a sudden sound of a gunshot.
one of the infected falls back with a gaping hole in its forehead, and yoongi whips his head to the side in shock.
taehyung has his jaw clenched tight in pain.
he raises the pistol in his hand once again to fire a few more shots in quick succession and grits his teeth to brace for the recoil that follows each time.
the gunshots have the thick mob of infected falling away from the doors long enough for the elevator to close shut this time.
yoongi leaps forward to press the button for the nineteenth floor and has to grab onto the railing on his right to keep himself from falling forward when the elevator suddenly jerks forward in a jarring motion and starts to climb up the shaft.
but there is no time for relief to flood his lungs, because not a moment later, yoongi hears the thunk of a skull meeting the hard metallic surface of the wall.
taehyung hisses, and the gun is dropped on the floor with a loud clatter.
yoongi curses as he twists around and drops to his knees before taehyung.
taehyung is cupping his injured arm that had to bear the brunt of the recoil.
blood drips from the gaps of his fingers, and yoongi sees the frantic flare and fall of his chest through his soaked shirt stuck to every inch of him.
gently, yoongi moves taehyung’s fingers away from the wound and pulls the fabric of his shirt taut before he starts to hack away the bloody sleeve with his knife.
taehyung sits with his head tipped back against the wall and his jaw clenched tight while yoongi works.
he’s silent save for the few hisses that escape his teeth, and yoongi knows that he could be gentler, but his hands are shaking and making his movements clumsier in their panic.
"what the fuck were you thinking?"
he hisses, supporting taehyung’s back off the wall with a palm as he reaches around his torso to unwind the sticky cloth from his body.
taehyung doesn’t answer him, and yoongi lets the wet scraps of his shirt fall on the floor.
his own hand is dripping with blood.
it’s drenched the sleeve of his jacket—soaked his entire arm—and there is something awfully unsettling about seeing so much of taehyung’s blood on himself.
taehyung slumps against the wall once again, and his eyes are squeezed shut in pain when yoongi finally lets himself assess the damage.
but he must hear the way yoongi’s heart screeches to a sharp stop because he opens his eyes slightly.
"do you get it now?"
taehyung asks him, voice strained and breathless.
yoongi’s eyes flit to taehyung’s face for a brief second before falling back to the bite on his bicep.
it is a frightful sight.
dark reds and violets are mangled and matted into deep indentations of teeth as wide as his own palm.
blood seeps out of it in streaks and slowly trickles down to collect at the tip of taehyung’s elbow, and yoongi feels his stomach churn.
he wants to throw up, but he keeps staring at it.
he can't look away even when he feels the tears rise to his eyes and blur his sight.
"i am infected, yoongi."
taehyung sounds unnervingly calm, and yoongi clenches his teeth tight as the urge to scream grows.
"we’re trying to contain the infected to the lower floors, and you’re giving one a free ride all the way to the top."
there is a panic thundering between his temples, so hard that his head throbs, and yoongi has yet to take his eyes off the horrifying cluster of blue veins that spreads out from the bite and extends all the way up to taehyung’s neck like roots.
the skin between the two arched rows of teeth is a sickly purple, and yoongi stares at the way taehyung’s lower lip trembles, the way his chest seems to stutter and fight for a breath.
"shut up," he hisses through his gritted teeth, the tears creeping back, and yoongi hates himself for it.
the air between them is tense, and yoongi can feel taehyung’s eyes on him but he's too scared to look up.
instead, he swallows down the lump in his throat harshly and twists around to check the number of floors left to climb.
seven, the glowing numbers above the car’s control panel say.
twelve more floors, yoongi thinks as he stares at the numbers and waits for the eight to follow.
it doesn’t.
instead, all of a sudden, the lift jerks forward with a violent jolt.
yoongi throws his hands out to brace the wall on either side of taehyung’s head, shielding taehyung’s body with his own just as there is a loud piercing screech and the elevator car comes to an abrupt halt.
the lights go out, and yoongi’s stomach drops, the knife in his hand falling and clattering against the floor.
"fuck!"
he screams and scrambles off the floor, but he can hardly see a thing in his panic, much less in the dark.
yoongi slips on the blood that's been seeping out from the corpse and flooding the car, and he has just enough time to get his elbows between him and the floor before the collision can crush his nose and knock his teeth down his throat.
a scream catches in his throat when he finds himself inches from the dead woman's face, staring straight into her bloodshot eyes.
and for a moment, yoongi freezes.
terror strikes down his spine, then slowly coils itself around the length of it.
there's something truly horrifying about staring death in the eye; like if you dare to blink, it'll have you too.
and the stench of blood and decayed flesh crawls into his lungs as if it's teasing him with a taste of his own approaching fate, but yoongi grits his teeth and pushes himself off the floor on tender knees.
he fumbles in the dark for the wall and carefully steps over the corpse as he tries to reach the control panel.
when he finds the flip he’s been searching for, yoongi flicks it up and the emergency lights come on, coating the car with their dim white glow.
the elevator has stopped between the seventh and the eighth floor; and like a possessed man, yoongi jams his finger into the button for the nineteenth floor again and again.
but nothing happens.
the lift remains heavy and stagnant.
"they must’ve cut the power to contain the outbreak," taehyung says.
yoongi whips around to look at him, but taehyung doesn't sound surprised.
he doesn't even seem particularly distressed.
he looks resigned, and yoongi doesn't want to think about what that means.
he twists back around to press the emergency call button even if part of him already knows that it's hopeless.
a loud ring echoes in the elevator.
nobody picks up—obviously—because who the fuck would be manning the phone desk in the middle of an outbreak.
the ringing continues before it eventually dies out, and the silence that follows it cements up to their throats.
the lift remains unmoving even after he's pressed every possible button on the panel.
but yoongi doesn't turn around.
he slams his forehead against the wall and squeezes his eyes shut as hard as he can.
holds back the furious tears that threaten to escape.
in the quiet, everything feels awfully still.
and it doesn't take long for yoongi to recognise it for what it is: the calm before a storm.
the air hangs heavy, and there’s an unfamiliar fear crawling up the back of his neck.
yoongi holds his breath even though he doesn't know what he's bracing for.
all he knows is that there is something coming, and that whatever it is—it isn’t good.
"yoongi."
taehyung's voice is soft, and his breathing is hard.
it has yoongi's chest clenching into itself, but he doesn't look at him.
there is a chill climbing up his spine, a knowing kind of foreboding.
"i spared a shot from before.
you know—just in case," taehyung says, stilted and jerky.
yoongi turns around slowly, stiff with dread.
there is no wind, everything deadly silent.
and yoongi’s entire body is drawn tight, bracing for what’s to come.
taehyung is shrunken in towards the far end of the lift, knees curled and pressed to his chest to keep himself warm.
yoongi watches his ribcage shrink down as he breathes.
he’s so pale, so so pale; and he’s bleeding and shivering and— smiling.
taehyung is smiling at yoongi, lips blue and bloodless.
yoongi feels his throat grow impossibly tight.
taehyung reaches forward with a shaky hand, the pistol clasped in his fingers for yoongi to take.
"i’d do it myself but."
taehyung lowers his head to look down at his hands, and yoongi follows his gaze.
they are trembling.
violently.
"they wouldn’t stop shaking," taehyung breathes out; half a laugh, half choked up with something thick and wet.
and yoongi squeezes his eyes shut.
this time he doesn't bother holding the tears.
they drip down his cheeks helplessly, his lungs clenching tight like somebody wrung them dry, and he wants nothing more than to sink to his knees and retch.
yoongi considers wrenching the doors open and climbing their way out of the lift, but if the strain alone won’t kill taehyung, the swarm of infected waiting for them outside most definitely will.
pressing down on his eyes hard enough to hurt, yoongi forces himself to think, and he doesn't think of the infected.
he doesn't think of the wicked, gaping bite that sits on taehyung's bicep, or how his blood has soaked yoongi's clothes wet.
he doesn't think about their failed marriage or the dead woman staring back at him with haunted hollow eyes.
he doesn't think of the antidote that might not even work, or that one savoury bullet sitting in taehyung's pistol.
he thinks, instead, about the blue blooming on taehyung's lips and the way his body wouldn't stop shivering.
the way the loss of blood would get to him before any virus can.
"shut up," yoongi whispers quietly.
"do me a favor, and just—shut up."
"we don’t have long," taehyung starts, voice tightening how it always does when he’s about to say something that he knows yoongi won’t like.
"yoongi—" "no."
yoongi’s eyes fly open and he jerks his chin down to meet taehyung’s eyes, suddenly furious.
his fists shake where he’s clenched them tight by his sides.
"i don’t care."
and he doesn't let taehyung speak, wasting no time as he steps over the dead body and drops down to his knees before taehyung to snatch the pistol out of his hands.
"i don’t care," yoongi hisses again, his face inches from taehyung’s and his voice wet with something he isn't ready to name yet.
"i’m not going to fucking kill you, taehyung, what the fuck."
taehyung doesn't answer him, and yoongi tucks away the pistol in the waistband of his jeans before he strips off his blood-soaked jacket.
"what are you doing?"
taehyung asks him when yoongi starts to pull his shirt over his head as well.
he makes quick work of it, not caring if his cuts are neat or not.
a large portion of the shirt is drenched in blood, and he carefully chops those bits away with his knife until he's left with a long sizeable strip of clean cotton.
taehyung watches him warily as yoongi reaches forward to wind the cloth around his bicep and above the bite.
coiling the fabric around taehyung’s bicep and the curve of his shoulder in two overlapping turns, yoongi brings the ends together and pulls them tight before tying them into a knot.
"pass me the knife," he says and holds his palm out without looking away.
taehyung must've caught on because he hands him the metal without a word.
"it won’t stop it completely," yoongi mutters as he secures the knife to the knot in an attempt at an improvised tourniquet.
"but it should buy us some time."
the tourniquet will block both the arterial and lymphatic flow, stopping the bleeding and slowing the spread of the virus.
but, realistically, even the best possible outcome would result in taehyung losing an arm.
yoongi twists the knife to tighten the bandage and catches taehyung's face contorting in pain.
"i'm sorry."
yoongi bites his lip as he twists the makeshift windlass one more time and sees the veins in taehyung’s temples jut out with how hard he’s clenching his jaw.
"it's…fine," taehyung rasps and lets his head fall back against the wall with a quiet thud.
holding the knife in its place, yoongi grabs one of the leftover scraps of cloth, long and thin enough for yoongi to tie around the hilt of the knife and fasten it to taehyung's arm to keep it from unspinning and loosening the tourniquet.
"don't move your arm," yoongi instructs but then softens his voice.
"it's—i'm sorry, it's the best i can do right now."
losing an arm is a lot better than the other option.
"it's fine," taehyung repeats.
his breaths are strained, and he's squeezed his eyes shut again.
"thank you."
yoongi drops his hands, and for a long moment he wonders if this is where they break.
alone, confined in a tiny box, blood squelching under their boots and a dead woman watching them with her neck twisted all the way to the side.
yoongi forces his eyes closed.
he feels too unhinged, too jittery.
and his entire body threatens to collapse under him as he crawls back to the other end of the car and slumps against the wall across taehyung.
taehyung may say that he’s okay, but yoongi isn’t.
the elevator is dead silent, and for a long time, yoongi sits there slowly breathing in; then breathing out.
everything feels uneasy.
too still.
and yoongi closes his eyes and wraps his arms around his knees to keep himself from shivering.
he feels unsettled, somewhere inside him that he hadn't felt before.
the elevator is too still.
ominous.
like if he dares to lean too hard against the wall, it will tip over and go hurtling down to their deaths.
yoongi bites down on his lip and presses his face into his arms until he can’t breathe.
he’s never liked the dark, but he’s so scared.
scared that if he opens his eyes, he’ll see taehyung slumped against the wall with a bullet sunk into his forehead like a third eye.
yoongi bites hard on his tongue, and squeezes his eyes shut as hard as he can.
he wants to throw up, but he remains frozen against the wall, arms growing numb from how hard he's hugging his knees.
he doesn’t know what he’s waiting for, but it doesn’t come.
the pistol stays on his hip, heavy and foreboding, and it’s the sound of taehyung's quiet voice that snaps him out of it.
"yoongi," taehyung says, an awful scratch from his throat.
yoongi lifts his head to see taehyung watching him with a dazed look in his eyes.
as if he isn't looking at yoongi at all.
it shouldn't terrify him as much as it does.
"what do you reckon a man from the upper paleolithic would be like?"
taehyung says all of a sudden, so abruptly that yoongi blinks at him in surprise.
"what?"
he croaks out and pushes his palms against the floor to sit straighter.
the question is so far removed from everything yoongi's been peeling and picking apart in his own head.
something briefly flickers across taehyung’s face, too minute for yoongi to pick apart, and his eyes slide back to yoongi’s.
"if say—a man from the late upper paleolithic survived until the present day," taehyung says slowly, his gaze heavy.
"what do you think he’d be like?"
taehyung's eyes are clearer now under the sweat damp hair matted to his forehead.
the question makes no more sense than it did the previous time, but taehyung tips his head to the side as he waits for yoongi to reply.
yoongi blinks a few more times as he processes taehyung's query and attempts to gather his thoughts.
something is not right, he is sure of that.
something is wrong, something is so, so wrong but yoongi can’t tell what the cause is.
"survived—what, like he never died?"
he clarifies, and taehyung nods.
"never aged?"
taehyung nods again, stiffly, like the action strains him.
"yes.
what would he be like?"
there’s an odd inflection in his voice, a forced flatness, like he’s trying very hard to keep it from breaking.
and it is not an unfamiliar situation; it is a game the two of them played often in the past.
they threw absurd premises at each other and then attempted to draw some amount of sense from them as they argued.
but then why does yoongi feel like something's not right here?
from the corner of his eye, he sees taehyung give him a strained smile.
and even though something in the air isn't right—a dampness that seems to stick to yoongi’s skin and sink deep into his bones like a warning: don’t talk of the undead, it says—it still is infinitely better than the image of yoongi burning a hole in taehyung’s skull, so he tips his head back against the wall and decides to play along with taehyung’s absurd hypotheticals despite everything in his body warning him not to.
"i suppose he’d be pretty damn tired," he drawls, and taehyung laughs.
it's a dry, brittle thing.
it makes yoongi’s skin crawl.
"but, seriously," yoongi continues once he's gotten past his initial surprise.
"i imagine that he might be like any of us."
taehyung makes a vague sound to prompt him to elucidate, and yoongi parts his knees to look at him.
"there is no anatomical difference between humans 14,000 years ago and the modern sapien today," he says, but then he clicks his tongue in afterthought.
"except we’ve grown taller."
taehyung’s lips pull at a corner in an amused smirk.
"have we all?"
he teases as he looks up and down yoongi’s body pointedly, and then cranes his neck in exaggeration as if yoongi might be hiding another few inches of his legs somewhere else in the elevator.
yoongi rolls his eyes at the expected dig and fights down the brief smile that tugs at the corners of his lips.
the joke is a sore one for sure, but the familiarity of it eases the tension between them a little.
at least taehyung’s able to joke like this.
"you’re not funny," he tells him, voice flat, and taehyung grins.
"natural selection picked taller humans who could see better in the tall grass of the savannahs," yoongi continues.
"actually, tall and skinny since a higher ratio of surface area to volume radiates heat more effectively in warmer climates.
your human would've lived through what—140 centuries?"
"roughly, yes."
"i mean, assuming normal intelligence, we believe men from the upper paleolithic were as intelligent as we are.
they just didn’t know as much.
but your man would’ve learned as the race learnt."
taehyung purses his lips and nods in thought.
there’s an odd look on his face.
his eyebrows pinch together, and he cuts his eyes back to yoongi again.
"and what do you suppose would’ve kept him alive?"
yoongi lifts an eyebrow at him.
"aren’t you supposed to be the biologist?"
he asks, but taehyung makes an impatient flapping gesture with his hand as if to say just answer.
"fine."
yoongi rolls his eyes for a second time.
"in science fiction speak, i'd say…" he thinks for a moment before cocking his head to the side in question, "perfect regeneration of the body’s cells by the circulating mesenchymal stem cells originating in the bone marrow?"
"the pancreas turns over cells every twenty four hours," taehyung agrees.
"the stomach lining in three days, and the whole body in seven years.
but typically, with time, the process falters.
waste accumulates and eventually proves fatal to function."
"so if a quirk in his immune system led to a perfect detox, ergo perfect renewal?"
"then yeah," taehyung licks his lips, "he could, in a way, dodge decay."
yoongi laughs at that.
"now wouldn’t i kill to have that secret."
"would you really?"
taehyung asks him, lips pressing into a straight fine line.
forced, yoongi thinks.
"if i stayed healthy and didn’t die, then why not?"
he shrugs.
"what a chance to learn.
who knows, we might even find a cure for the virus through it."
taehyung shoots him a rueful smile, but yoongi is picking apart possibilities in his head as he grows more invested in whatever absurdity taehyung has tossed at him.
"you know, the more i think about it...it’s not completely infeasible," yoongi muses, pushing himself off the wall and leaning forward on his knees.
"after all, anything is possible, right?
we’re literally living through a zombie apocalypse.
and one century’s magic is another century’s science.
everybody thought columbus was certifiable."
taehyung doesn’t respond immediately, and yoongi creases his eyebrows.
there’s something downright unnerving about the way taehyung watches him.
something in his face is changing, but yoongi doesn’t know what, and it terrifies him.
he is so dreadfully still that for one sickening moment, yoongi is afraid he's going into shock.
but then taehyung blinks back into focus and smiles.
and suddenly, sharply, yoongi knows that something’s not right.
"i had a chance to sail with him," taehyung says, and yoongi blinks in surprise at the sudden statement.
"by then i had a fair suspicion that the earth was round, but the fear still lingered, you know?
that we might drop off the edge at some point."
taehyung is still smiling, a taut pull of his pale lips, almost like he’s bracing for something.
yoongi stares back at taehyung’s face and hopes that it conveys the loss he’s feeling.
"i suppose you’re joking," he says slowly, and he watches taehyung carefully.
but taehyung doesn't reply.
his smile tightens just a little, like he’s wincing.
"i don’t get it."
taehyung breaks his gaze and stares at his lap where he’s wringing his fingers anxiously.
yoongi stupidly thinks about holding them in his own, but he’s too afraid to move.
"there’s nothing to get," taehyung says a few seconds later, so softly that yoongi has to strain to hear it.
"what are we talking about?"
yoongi’s voice shakes with uncertainty.
"we were just considering a caveman surviving up until the present time, were we not?"
taehyung has that awful expression on his face.
like he’s desperate not to say it.
"every ten years or so, when people start to notice that i don’t age, i leave everything and everybody behind me and move on."
taehyung doesn't meet his eyes, and something in yoongi’s chest suddenly seizes.
he feels a violent urge to surge forward and yank taehyung’s head up by his hair and ask him just what in the fresh hell is that supposed to mean.
it's a bad joke, and a very low one, even for taehyung.
but before he can get a word in, taehyung is speaking again.
"in what i call my first lifetime, i aged till about thirty two years.
what you see here."
he makes a gesture with his finger to point at his body.
he’s still not looking at yoongi, and it shouldn’t frighten him so much.
"i led my group, and they called me magical.
but gradually, the fear grew and they chased me away.
they thought that i was stealing their lives to stay young."
"the prehistoric origin of the vampire myth," yoongi croaks out in disbelief as he stares at taehyung with wide incredulous eyes.
"the first thousand years, i didn’t know up from sideways," taehyung continues, and yoongi is baffled.
taehyung is serious; he can see that now, but yoongi’s hands are starting to shake with how unhinged he feels.
"how do you know the first thousand years?"
he cuts taehyung off and clenches his fingers into fists, grabbing onto the first thing he can think of.
taehyung finally looks up at him, but his face is impassive, unreadable in a way that yoongi’s never seen before.
and an old ache flares up in yoongi’s chest again because there was a time when he had each one of his expressions and his emotions memorised, could tell them apart with his eyes closed and just a finger tracing the shape of his lips.
"an informed guess based on what i recall from my memory," taehyung answers him, and this time yoongi can’t help the incredulous snort that leaves him.
"most people can scarcely remember their childhood."
he lifts an eyebrow in challenge.
"and you’re saying that you remember what happened to you fourteen thousand years ago?"
but taehyung doesn’t seem affected by yoongi’s scathing skepticism.
he looks as though he’d expected it.
"like yours, my memory is selective too," he counters.
"i remember the high points, the low points, the traumas."
yoongi doesn’t answer; he couldn’t respond even if he tried.
and taehyung takes his silence as permission to keep speaking which—yoongi supposes it is.
"i kept getting chased away because i didn’t age, and eventually i got the hang of moving on periodically," taehyung tells him, and yoongi likes to think that he’s got a good grasp of studying taehyung’s face to make out what he’s thinking, but right now yoongi can’t tell if the flat press of his lips or the slight dip of his eyebrows is grim or guarded or something else entirely.
and it terrifies him.
it terrifies him because yoongi feels as if he can no longer tell if the man before him is the very one he’d been married to for five years.
"the first two millennia were cold, and i learned that it was warmer at lower elevations—the late glacial period, i presume.
i remember seeing the british isles from what is now the french coast," taehyung continues, and he is no longer looking at yoongi.
he stares past yoongi’s shoulder as he speaks, as if lost in the visions of his recollection.
"huge mountains...on the other side of a deep valley that was shadowed by the setting sun.
this is before they got separated from the continent by rising seas as the glaciers melted."
"the end of the pleistocene epoch—it fits."
"yes—" taehyung starts.
"—into any textbook," yoongi snaps.
"and that’s where i found it!"
taehyung’s voice starts to rise now, eyes not moving from yoongi’s face.
"how could i have knowledgeable recall when i didn’t have knowledge?
all i can do is integrate my memories with modern findings."
and yoongi—he doesn’t know what to think.
he stares at taehyung, completely at a loss for words.
taehyung wouldn’t drag on an argument as absurd as this for so long; but what he’s saying offends common sense, and yoongi wants to believe him, he really does, but he—he can’t.
"we—we are not talking about reincarnations, are we?"
yoongi asks him a little desperately, mind reeling with possibilities.
"you’re not saying that you hold memories from previous lifetimes."
"no."
taehyung slumps his head against the wall in resignation.
"one lifetime."
"what about oceans?"
"didn’t see them until much later."
yoongi furrows his eyebrows.
"how would you be able to tell an ocean from a lake?"
"big waves—again i can only be cognizant of it in retrospect."
taehyung smiles at him.
even though he’s making some amount of sense, that doesn’t make it any less absurd.
and it’s hard to speak in the thick silence that follows.
yoongi can’t tell if it’s the result of the unease that’s crawled under all of his skin or the dry discomfort in his throat when he tries to swallow.
taehyung’s smile wanes; he’s looking all over yoongi’s face for something.
but yoongi feels too unhinged, too unbalanced.
he’s just barely holding himself together as it is, and if there’s one thing he’s sure of, it’s that he’s going to lose his goddamn mind before he even begins to consider the implications of whatever it is that taehyung is trying to convince him of.
instead, he chooses to close his eyes and slant his head up against the wall quietly.
he wants to curl up, but his bones are jammed stiff.
rigid in their refusal.
the quiet doesn’t last because just a moment later, yoongi is abruptly struck by an inane memory.
"that van gogh," he blurts out loudly before his eyes fly open and he shoots back up again, "the one you said was a fake, but you were so stubborn about hanging it in the living room anyway."
taehyung blinks at him for a moment, taken aback by his sudden outburst, but then he's breaking into a grin in no time.
"he gifted it to me," he says.
"of course."
yoongi rolls his eyes now.
a smile tugs at his own lips but he fights it down.
"i went by the name vante at the time," taehyung admits, and then adds a little bashfully, "i was uh—a pig farmer."
"a pig farmer?"
yoongi can’t hold his laugh this time, incredulous and impossibly endeared at the same time.
he can even picture it: taehyung in boots, overalls and a straw hat, giving little piglets fond rubs.
the image is so remarkably vivid because that sounds just like him.
"yeah.
he would come to my place and paint.
we talked a lot about capturing nature in art."
taehyung is smiling; yoongi notices that for the first time, it’s genuine.
and the sight has a sharp stab of pain shooting up his chest, like nails peeling off a scab that never truly healed.
and yoongi knows what a terrible idea it is, has known it ever since hoseok introduced taehyung as the newest addition to their research team three months ago, one year into the pandemic and eighteen months since yoongi and taehyung’s nasty separation.
it is a terrible idea.
but trapped in an elevator till help gets to them before the virus reaches taehyung's brain or yoongi shoots him dead, there truly isn’t a lot to lose.
and it’s not that he believes taehyung; that’s too much.
but yoongi can no longer deny that he’s missed this.
talking to taehyung, arguing with him, laughing, and just talking after almost two years of radio silence.
taehyung is probably right.
they don’t have long anyway, and all of a sudden, yoongi can’t bring himself to care at all.
"did you ever do any?"
he asks him abruptly after a minute of neither of them saying a word.
"art, i mean.
cave art?"
taehyung’s surprise shows on his face, but he must realise yoongi’s attempts at reconciliation because his face loses its tension.
he smiles at him for a moment before he replies.
"no, not cave art, not at that time.
but there was this guy—" taehyung frowns as he struggles to remember, eyes flicking between yoongi’s face and something off to the side.
"i can’t recall his name, but he’d draw the animals we wished to eat.
but one evening, after an unsuccessful hunt, our chief stomped his teeth out because his magic had failed us.
after that someone else had to chew his food for him, and he got—i suspect—an infected jaw.
we had to dispose of him shortly after that."
"that’s..."
yoongi grimaces.
taehyung gives him a tight-lipped smile.
"you have to know what to kill," he says, and there is grim humor in his words.
but yoongi doesn’t miss the weight of them, and his mouth dries instantly.
his eyes dart to taehyung’s bloody arm where the mass of blue veins has creeped up his shoulder to his neck.
the longer yoongi stares at it, the more it seems as if a horrid parasite is feeding off taehyung’s blood and slowly climbing up the column of his throat to reach the big prize: his brain.
the pistol tucked into yoongi’s jeans suddenly starts to feel frighteningly heavy, but he forcibly tears himself away from the thought.
"who else were you?"
he asks once he blinks back into focus to meet taehyung’s eyes.
"i lived as a merchant for a long time," taehyung starts slowly, probably working out how to piece together thousands of years in a singular telling.
"i’d grown curious about the world, and it was around the beginning of the bronze age.
i followed trade routes from the east.
copper.
tin.
i learnt languages and medicine as i went.
everywhere i travelled, there were all these new and different creation myths, so many gods, and after a while…well i figured it was all…" he makes a vague dismissive gesture with his hand.
"i was sumerian for 2,000 years, then babylonian under hammurabi.
but moving on was easier as a hunter-gatherer.
it became difficult when villages emerged, and tougher still when authority was centralised."
"do you remember where you came from?"
yoongi asks him, crossing his legs when one of them starts to prickle with pins and needles.
"geography hasn’t changed all that much."
instead of answering him, taehyung throws out a question of his own.
"where did you live when you were four years old?"
yoongi frowns.
"with my parents at their farm just outside of daegu," he says because taehyung knows that already.
"your mother—she took you to the market?
what direction was it from your house?"
"i don’t know."
"are there any references that stuck with you?"
yoongi struggles to recall them, thinking back to his hand in his mother’s as they walked along the streets, and the shop owners who stopped them to coo and pinch his cheeks.
"there was a gas station and...an old schoolhouse?"
he cocks his head to the side, not sure if that is a reliable memory.
"and if you went back there, would it still be the same?"
taehyng asks him.
yoongi presses his lips together.
he had gone back there, frightened out of his mind when the pandemic broke out.
"no, it’s all built up now," he answers.
"hence the saying—you can’t go back home again."
taehyung tips his head back against the wall as he watches him.
his breathing is more haggard now, chest shuddering with every breath of air he fights for.
"because it’s not there anymore.
now imagine it on my scale: i migrated across an endless vast earth full of endless new things—forests, deserts, mountains, tundra, canyons.
it was just my solitary viewpoint of a world i knew nothing about.
even if i were to try and recall it, everything is built up beyond recognition now."
yoongi props up a knee to lean his weight on it.
"fascinating," he says as he watches taehyung.
"an answer for every question."
taehyung matches his stare, and for a long moment they simply watch each other in silence, neither of them looking away.
but then yoongi closes his eyes and laughs.
there’s no humor in it, and when he pulls them open, he stares straight at taehyung.
his smile fades.
"except one.
taehyung, why are you doing this?"
the air goes still as soon as he says it.
"yoongi..."
taehyung starts lowly, and it doesn’t sound like an answer.
if anything, it sounds like a warning.
and yoongi knows it—he fucking knows it.
everything about the entire conversation has felt awfully concluding, and yoongi fucking knows it.
they don’t have long left, and from the corner of his eye, he can see the way the woman’s mouth hangs open, the way her eyes stretch wide in horror.
the entire floor is coated with a thick layer of her blood, and the stench of it has settled in yoongi’s lungs permanently.
it’s all he’s been breathing in.
for the first time, yoongi feels so unbearably helpless.
"i..."
taehyung finally sighs, and he still has that pinched look on his face, pained and reluctant to speak.
"i thought—maybe this wasn’t a good idea, but i wanted—" taehyung closes his eyes, and his face twists like he’s going to be sick.
"what?"
yoongi spits impatiently.
there’s a panic clogging his throat, and his hands tremble in his lap.
when taehyung opens his eyes, he’s carefully schooled his face into that awful impassiveness.
he stares right at yoongi, pinning him to his spot.
"i wanted to say goodbye," he says.
"as myself for once."
his voice is soft, but yoongi feels the weight of his words like he'd yelled them in his face.
taehyung falls silent like he’s waiting for yoongi to spit something scathing back at him, but yoongi’s throat is closing in painfully tight painfully quickly.
"n-no," he stammers out.
"yoongi—" taehyung starts.
"no," yoongi nearly screams, and taehyung goes quiet.
yoongi wants to glare at him but he doesn’t.
he closes his eyes and presses on them hard enough till his head hurts, and then some more.
"i—you have to know how you sound," he stutters out, swallowing down the growing hysteria in his throat.
the whole thing just feels like a horrible disorienting nightmare that never seems to end.
"you can’t seriously ask me to believe you.
you can’t tell me to erase everything i’ve known and believe you when you say that you're some fourteen millennia old caveman—what the fuck."
yoongi’s voice is shrill.
he hides his face in his palms and slouches forward on his knees.
"i don’t understand," he whispers weakly.
he wants to rub his face again, but he’s done it too many times and it hurts.
it hurts everywhere.
"yoongi, look," taehyung starts slowly, his voice cutting through yoongi’s panic.
yoongi peels his hands away from his face only to be met with taehyung’s unreadable face.
"there’s absolutely no way in this whole world for me to prove it to you.
just like there’s no way for you to disprove it."
taehyung’s gaze is intense and hard to return.
and yoongi grits his teeth at the unfairness of it all.
"being unable to disprove a claim only makes it theoretically possible, not true," he hisses through his teeth.
"i shouldn't have to disprove every absurd fictional entity out there to justify my disbelief in their existence."
"look.
you have two simple choices.
you can either get all bent out of shape trying to argue and bench-press logic."
taehyung pauses for emphasis.
"or, we can just talk."
yoongi sets his jaw tight.
he knows what he wants, obviously, but there is a helpless heat collecting behind his eyelids.
his hand flits towards his eyes but he aborts the movement halfway, settling for blinking back the tears instead.
"fine," he says thickly, and taehyung parts his lips to speak but yoongi cuts him off.
"we can talk, and i can listen critically.
but you can’t ask me to believe you.
not now, not when you had eight years to do whatever the fuck it is that you’re doing now."
he wants to sound sharper, more vicious, but he can’t put any volume into his voice.
he’s so damn exhausted, and it’s taking all of his control to not fall forward and cry.
"that’s fair," taehyung says, equally as soft.
nothing about this is fair, yoongi wants to yell at him, but he bites back the snappish reply, rubbing at his eyes instead as he thinks of another way to pick apart taehyung’s ridiculous claim.
"so, you’re a...caveman," he starts slowly, tipping his head back to stare at the ceiling when it becomes clear that the tears have no intention of going.
"and in this enormous lifetime, you’ve never been ill?"
"i have.
just about as much as anyone."
yoongi jerks his head down to look at taehyung in surprise.
"of what?"
"in prehistory, i couldn’t tell you.
but in the last few hundred years, i’ve gotten over typhoid, yellow fever, smallpox.
i’ve survived the black plague."
yoongi’s eyes dart down to taehyung’s bare chest before flitting back to his face.
"bubonic?"
he asks disbelievingly.
"and you’re not scarred?"
taehyung bites his lip like he does each time he’s scared of saying something.
he doesn’t meet his eyes, only presses his lips into a fine line, and yoongi grits his teeth.
"what is it?"
he snaps as he watches taehyung swallow hard.
"i don’t scar," taehyung admits finally, and his eyes flicker up tentatively as if to gauge yoongi’s reaction.
and he must see the look on his face because he cuts in before yoongi can begin.
"please, i know you don’t believe me," taehyung says quickly, a frantic edge slipping into his voice.
"i shouldn’t have expected you to either.
but the least you can do is take it at face value and explore it from there?
if i don’t scar, is it really any stranger than the rest of it?"
yoongi’s hands tremble where they’re fisted tightly into the fabric of his jeans, and he has to swallow back that violent urge to scream, to cry, to grab taehyung by the shoulders and shake him, ask him what kind of a sick joke he’s playing.
if his plan is to drive yoongi completely insane in this little time they have, then it’s working.
"you don’t scar, you don’t age, and yet—" he hacks out a strangled sound, something between a laugh and a sob, and drags his eyes to the blue veins once again.
they’ve reached his ear.
"are you scared of dying, taehyung?"
yoongi asks him.
taehyung’s face falters, turns into a grimace.
"who isn’t?"
he asks.
"and how did the primitive man regard death?"
"we had a practical concept.
we fell down, didn’t get up, started to smell bad and came apart.
we understood injuries, but infections—those were mysterious.
and aging, the biggest mystery of all."
"you realized that you were different."
taehyung nods quietly.
"not immediately," he adds.
"it was difficult to synthesize my experience into a view of myself.
at first, i thought everyone else had something wrong with them.
they were the ones who grew old and died.
animals too."
"but not you."
it’s not a question.
"but not me," taehyung agrees.
he isn’t smiling, but some resentful part of yoongi wishes that he would.
maybe then yoongi could justify the awful pressure in his chest.
like something is squeezing his lungs and wringing them tight.
taehyung is silent for a long time, and yoongi thinks about the first time they met—which by some awful irony happened in an elevator too.
yoongi had spilled his coffee on taehyung’s expensive shirt in his rush to get to his classroom, but taehyung had chuckled and waved off his frantic apologies, asking yoongi if he would let him take him out to dinner as payment instead.
and so they’d gotten dinner together, and ever since—yoongi couldn’t get enough of taehyung’s smiles, his giggles and his loud unabashed laughter.
couldn’t get enough of tasting them against his lips and feeling them against the back of his neck in the mornings.
he’d wanted to touch taehyung.
to yank him down by his stupid tie and kiss him.
to take him home and fall in bed with him, but he'd gone and fallen in love with him instead—the kind you don’t really ever return from.
and he really shouldn’t be thinking about this, yoongi knows that.
the uneasy peace that has settled between them feels too delicate to break.
but yoongi can feel the words on the tip of his tongue, just waiting to spill out.
he shouldn’t; his gut twists tight at the thought, and he sits in silence as he stares at the wall above taehyung’s head.
everything feels so still.
just the two of them trapped inside these four walls while the world around them crumbles apart.
it would sound poetic if yoongi didn’t feel so crushingly helpless.
and maybe it’s that, or maybe it is the stench of death that hangs low and thick in the air.
maybe it’s the lifeless woman in the corner of his vision, or the frightening weight on his hip.
or maybe it’s something that has been building for a long time now, longer than yoongi wants to admit.
but he knows that if he doesn’t do this now, it will drive him insane.
assuming that it hasn’t already done that.
"as you grow older, the days and weeks and months pass quicker," he starts before he can stop himself, and his heart races in his chest.
his whole body is drawn tight as he tries to keep himself in control.
taehyung’s gaze shifts to him, but yoongi doesn’t meet his eyes.
there’s a dreadful awareness growing under his skin, and it makes his hands shake violently.
he clenches them tight in his lap, thankful that taehyung can’t see them because yoongi knows that this is it—this is the point of no return.
"what does a day or a year mean to you?
or what would...what would five years mean to you?"
his voice catches towards the end, and for a moment, everything goes horribly still.
i love you, taehyung had said to him, laughed it in his ear actually.
they were both drunk on wine and stumbling down the night street lit up by christmas lights.
i love you, more than i know what to do with.
yoongi’s throat aches.
"yoongi—" taehyung starts, his voice dipped low in warning.
"what would a marriage of five years mean to someone like you?"
yoongi cuts him off before he can continue.
something still stings when he says it, but yoongi can’t tell who the words hurt more.
he hears taehyung swallow and thinks that he’s going to speak.
but there’s nothing.
there’s fucking nothing.
yoongi laughs even though he feels like screaming.
"nothing, huh?"
and he hates the way his voice grows thick with tears.
he feels so fucking stupid.
taehyung doesn’t respond.
when yoongi finally looks at him, he has that awful pinched look on his face, like he’s both desperate and terrified to tell.
and a blinding anger comes rushing to him all at once.
yoongi clenches his teeth hard enough that he thinks he’ll crush them.
"did i mean anything to you at all?"
he spits out, blind and suddenly too angry to stop his voice from shaking.
he sees taehyung flinch and part his lips, but yoongi cuts him off just as quickly.
"actually, no, don’t answer that.
you said that you realised you were different from the rest of humanity.
do you see yourself as someone superior to the rest of us?"
"i didn’t mean it like that—" taehyung stresses, and he truly looks anguished.
but it’s not that yoongi doesn’t believe him.
the fact of the matter is: yoongi doesn’t even know who taehyung is anymore.
"would you have come to my funeral, taehyung?"
yoongi asks him and it’s hard not to enjoy the way taehyung recoils.
yoongi, in some twisted way, wants to see him cry.
"would you have felt some kind of guilt?
or do you just not feel shit anymore?"
he ploughs on despite the way taehyung’s face seems to be crumbling with anguish.
the rational part of him is gone, and yoongi is too angry to care.
"we would die, and you would live.
but would such a thing be fair?
i’m only exploring what you said like you asked me to.
whether i believe it or not is of no importance."
"i—i don’t know about fair," taehyung stutters out, "but i didn’t wish to upset you.
this was obviously a bad idea.
but, yoongi, i care for you a lot.
i really do, and i—" yoongi ignores him.
"since you may not die, while we most assuredly will, there must be a reason for that, no?"
yoongi can hardly recognize his hollow voice, or the hand that trails down to his waist as he speaks.
and maybe taehyung doesn’t either because he falls silent as well.
"perhaps..."
yoongi’s fingers curl around the cool metal, and he drags his eyes up to taehyung’s face.
"what do you think, taehyung?"
he asks in the few frightful seconds before he raises his arm and reveals the prize in his hand.
taehyung stops moving all at once, frozen stiff in the face of the pistol.
"a shot to the leg?"
yoongi cocks his head to the side, a cruel twist to his lip as he taunts, "maybe we could watch it heal."
the elevator is grave and silent, and taehyung is so, so still.
"or..."
yoongi lifts his arm, shifting his aim higher.
"a bullet in the head?"
he asks, anger thinned to a threatening sweetness.
"what exactly will happen?"
the tension that has been weighing over them this entire time grows thicker, and yoongi feels it stick to his throat each time he breathes in.
taehyung slowly lifts his head to look at him, and yoongi grits his teeth.
he waits for taehyung to argue, to try and convince yoongi otherwise.
but taehyung doesn’t do that.
they both know that he won’t.
that he can’t.
for a long time, there’s nothing.
everything is deadly silent.
"okay," taehyung whispers finally, no fight at all.
and shrunken in against the wall with his eyes pressed shut, it feels as if he has been bracing for this moment from the very beginning.
have you ever thought about dying?
yoongi had asked him once.
they’d been stargazing, a rare retreat from university lectures and grading papers, and taehyung had laughed in response to his question, a surprised smile on his lips when he glanced at yoongi from the corner of his eye.
more than you can ever imagine, he’d said, and there was an odd weight to his voice that yoongi couldn’t place at the time.
are you afraid of it?
yoongi had asked him, interlacing their fingers together to find some semblance of familiarity because there were often times like this—moments when taehyung would seem so foreign and distant that yoongi felt as if they were talking about two entirely separate matters.
all things must come to an end.
taehyung had smiled, but it was forced, his lips stretched so tight they strained the corners of his mouth.
i may fear it, but i do not fight it.
taehyung had twisted around to face him then.
and in that one moment, yoongi could sense that there was something strange about him.
hidden between the lines of his face and the taut, tight pull of his lips.
something ancient and so, so eerie.
nothing lasts forever.
taehyung had leaned forward to seal yoongi’s lips shut before he could ask the meaning behind his morbid words.
like nothing should.
and yoongi feels so uncontrollably violent.
he tightens his grip on the pistol, but his arm won’t stop shaking.
he feels so fucking angry, but the anger isn’t from being lied to.
it’s not from the relentless arguments in the middle of the night, or the morning yoongi found the apartment empty save for the ring on the nightstand.
not from the two years of agonizing silence, or the sweltering desire to scream each time taehyung entered his line of vision in the past three months.
there are memories washing back to him, memories he’d sealed and buried deep under layers and layers of fury.
and yoongi feels angry—angry at himself for never doubting, for not caring enough when taehyung brushed off a question about his parents with a stiff they died a long time back, or when he never had any childhood photographs to show.
what he believed was him being sensitive, yoongi now feels like a fool.
his fingers have grown numb from how hard he’s holding the pistol, and just reaching for the trigger makes him nauseous.
memories that hadn’t felt important at the time, he feels them rising to the surface now, fusing together to form a deeply unsettling picture that he doesn’t want to think about.
and yoongi feels like he’s finally gone mad.
the ugly feeling growing roots between his ribs doesn’t die, and taehyung’s face doesn’t change.
bathed in blood and with blue veins creeping under his torso and climbing up his throat, taehyung looks like horror in human skin.
his hair is dark and his skin so pale.
he is taller than yoongi, but curled into himself like this he looks smaller than yoongi’s ever known.
and something inside yoongi is shaking, something that makes his ribs rattle against his chest each time he breathes.
he feels so hopelessly alone, and he knows that some things are better left unsaid, that perhaps he should let this die an unspoken death too.
maybe that would hurt less.
actually no, he decides and swallows hard.
he needs to know.
and there won’t be another chance to ask.
"did you ever love me?"
he asks, throat tightening painfully around the five words.
he sees taehyung open his eyes but doesn’t meet them.
he stares at the floor as his vision blurs.
"please be honest, you don’t—you don't have to care about sparing my feelings.
i just—" his voice cracks and he gasps as he tries to speak around the painful lump in his throat.
"i just really thought you did—and i know that there’s no use in talking about it now, but i—fuck."
yoongi shudders out a sob, gnashing his teeth till his eyes stop stinging even though the stone in his throat stays.
he’d known it two years ago when he ultimately slipped the ring off his finger.
he knew that he was going to be alone for the rest of his life, but this just feels needlessly cruel.
taehyung doesn’t respond for a long time, and the silence that follows is humiliating.
"say something," yoongi hisses, trying and failing to keep his voice from shaking.
his chest hurts as it heaves for air, and yoongi’s body sags forward helplessly, the pistol in his hand falling on the floor and making a loud metallic sound.
and still taehyung doesn’t speak.
yoongi curls into himself and wraps his arms around his knees as his body shakes with uncontrollable sobs.
"why didn’t you ever say something?"
he gasps out, quivering for breath.
"i’d have believed you.
i—" yoongi can’t speak past the betrayal tightening its fingers around his throat, so completely that breathing is impossible and yoongi’s left choking and trembling in its hold.
what he wants to say is, i didn’t want you to feel like you had to be somebody else for me.
what he really wants to say is, i thought you trusted me.
(i thought you loved me.) he can’t help but notice how it’s the silence that speaks the loudest, how it speaks the truth that yoongi hadn’t wanted to let himself think about.
and he bites down hard on his tongue and it hurts, hurts, hurts, but it doesn’t help.
yoongi feels trapped in his own head.
can’t stop crying for reasons he can’t speak.
all he can hear is taehyung’s whisper against his skin, an endless vengeful loop of marry me?
"yoongi–" taehyung says thickly, voice trapped low in his chest.
for as small as the elevator is, he sounds impossibly far away.
"come here please."
the cold is leaching into yoongi’s skin, seeping inside from his wet boots and the bare expanse of his curved back.
and yoongi no longer knows if he’s shaking from the tears or the cold.
he feels so numb, and lifting his head feels a little like giving up.
there are words crawling up to his mouth for yoongi to spit at taehyung with all the intent to hurt, but they die in his throat the moment he catches sight of him.
all at once, everything feels too real.
against the dim glow of the emergency lights, taehyung is engulfed in blue veins that spread all across his chest and gather up to his throat till they curl around the curve of his ear.
and yoongi nearly cries again at the sight of it, couldn’t stop the strangled noise that tears out of him even if he tried.
taehyung sits with his head against the wall as he watches the ceiling for no actual purpose other than to keep his tears from spilling down.
and for the longest time, yoongi watches the hunch of his shoulders, the erratic heaves of his chest, and the way taehyung shivers and braces himself and shivers again and it doesn’t stop.
they’re both crying, and for once, it feels almost cathartic.
yoongi slowly pushes himself off the floor.
everything in his body feels jittery and unsteady, and he stumbles a little as he walks to the wall across him, blood splashing under his boots before he twists around and drops down next to taehyung’s uninjured side.
taehyung doesn’t say anything, but his arm comes to curl around yoongi’s waist and pulls him closer.
yoongi stiffens at the unexpected action.
but then he rearranges himself so taehyung isn’t straining to reach him, and taehyung pulls him closer till he's pressed flush to his side.
and this close, yoongi can feel the rapid movement of taehyung’s chest.
he looks up at him and sees the mole on the slope of taehyung's nose, the one on his lower lip, sees how blue his lips are and how they quiver delicately.
yoongi’s heart clenches with familiar pain.
for a while, he just wants to forget.
forget that they are on death row, that the world is ending and that taehyung doesn’t love him.
just for some time, he wants to stop counting down the seconds, wants to close his eyes and just be.
before he can think to stop himself, yoongi is burying his face in taehyung’s neck and wrapping careful arms around his waist.
it is hardly a hug with yoongi twisted and half on his knees, his chin pressed into taehyung’s shoulders and his eyes squeezed shut, but yoongi feels the tension slowly leave the air.
even though it still aches somewhere in his chest, he feels like he can breathe easier now.
and yoongi doesn’t know how long they stay like that.
he tries not to focus on how taehyung’s shaking worsens; instead he presses his mouth to taehyung’s skin and allows himself to breathe, just for a bit.
taehyung smells of blood and the permanent stench of rot that has settled heavily in the air.
it should feel unpleasant, but yoongi doesn’t move because his skin is warm and only corpses grow cold, and taehyung is still warm, and yoongi’s heart grows so heavy, his ribs ache to hold it up.
there are so many things that he wants to say to him, so many things that he needs taehyung to know.
he can’t bear the thought of dying with them still crammed inside his chest, but he also knows how it’ll end and he’s not sure his heart can withstand hearing it again.
in the end, it’s taehyung who beats him to it.
"at first, i thought that there was something wrong with me," he starts shakily.
"m-maybe i was a bad guy for not dying."
yoongi pulls away a little to look at him.
the air is quiet and heavy, and when taehyung meets his eyes, yoongi sees the tears finally fall.
"after that, i began to wonder if i was cursed.
then i thought that perhaps i had a mission."
"do you still think you do?"
yoongi whispers.
taehyung is quiet for a long time, and when he speaks, his voice is both thick and quiet.
"i think—i think i just happened."
which, yoongi supposes, is as good an answer as any.
"is this also why your knowledge of history is so fucking insane?"
he asks him suddenly, a silly thing that strikes him out of nowhere.
it was a constant cause of banter between them because taehyung would often interrupt yoongi’s passionate rants with inane corrections that were of no actual historical significance to the subject matter but brought taehyung immense amusement because yoongi would start to argue about who was correct (which was, infuriatingly, almost always taehyung) but taehyung would simply interrupt him again with a kiss.
"no," taehyung laughs at the unexpected accusation and how much venom it’s spoken with, a quiet throaty thing that makes yoongi smile as well.
"that’s mostly based on study."
"with your mind—you must’ve studied a great deal."
"i have ten degrees.
including yours."
"thanks," yoongi drawls and pulls away from taehyung completely to shoot him an unamused look.
"that makes me feel a whole lot better."
taehyung laughs again, and it shoots a pang of loss in yoongi’s chest.
"i got my anthropology degree at columbia in 1890, so i'm a little behind the times.
the same with the other fields.
i can't keep up with the new stuff that comes along.
no one can, not even in their own specialty."
yoongi hums in thought as he leans back against the wall.
"i see.
no matter how long a person lives, they can't be ahead of their times.
they can't know more than what the best of the race knows.
when the world learned it was round, you learned it."
taehyung nods.
"it took some time.
news traveled slowly before communications were fancy.
there were social obstacles.
preconceptions.
screams from the churches."
"but ten doctorates."
yoongi twists around to look at taehyung.
"that's really impressive, tae."
"it was over the span of 170 years," taehyung says, smiling ruefully.
"if you had that kind of time, you’d have done the same if not more, i’m sure of it.
living 14,000 years didn't make me a genius.
i just had time."
time.
it is the one thing they don’t have anymore.
and suspended in the air, seconds quickly ticking down to their doom, yoongi can’t help but think that it is all useless.
all this waiting, it’s useless.
that no one has come to their rescue because everybody else is dead.
that they could hold out for as long as possible, but help still wouldn’t come.
that yoongi and taehyung are the only people left alive in the world, and even if yoongi killed taehyung with the one remaining bullet in the pistol, he’d still be trapped in the elevator till he either starved, died of suffocation, or stabbed himself to death with his knife.
whichever came first.
either way, they are going to die.
they are going to die, and for some reason yoongi can only care about the mass of unspoken feelings crammed in his chest.
"time," he whispers past the lump in his throat as he tilts his head to rest it on taehyung’s shoulder.
"we can't see it.
can't hear it.
can't measure it in a laboratory.
it’s simply a subjective sense of becoming what we are from what we were a second ago."
"the hopis see time as a landscape existing before and behind us, and that we move through it slice by slice," taehyung says softly, his voice low and warm, and yoongi can feel him looking at him.
he turns his head to meet taehyung’s gaze and feels the air suddenly grow heavier.
taehyung’s eyes are dark, and yoongi's breath gets caught in his throat.
he can’t form words, can't make a single sound when taehyung draws back his arm from where it was wrapped around yoongi’s waist, fingers skimming across yoongi’s back and sending a shiver up his spine.
taehyung reaches down between them where yoongi’s hand rests in his lap, and yoongi lets him uncurl his fist, mouth parting in a shaky exhale when taehyung’s fingers start to trace the shape of his fingers and knuckles slowly.
yoongi squeezes his eyes shut.
his chest feels so tight, a phantom pain seizing him all of a sudden and squeezing his lungs hard, and yoongi falls forward, just a little, till he feels the warmth of taehyung’s exhales hit his face.
it’s too much, and yoongi presses down on his eyes till it hurts.
they’re going to die.
yoongi can feel the tremors in taehyung’s breathing against his chest.
they’re going to die.
and it’s pathetic that yoongi still can’t muster up the courage to tell taehyung.
i love you, he thinks and parts his lips to speak it, but the words hit the back of his throat and refuse to go any further.
i love you, he wants to cry, i love you i love you i love you.
yoongi bites back the tears in his eyes and tries to keep his ribcage from bursting out of his skin, too small to contain the growing heap of unspoken things threatening to crawl up to his throat and choke him.
too caught up in the storm of his feelings, he misses when taehyung interlaces their fingers together and leans forward.
when taehyung presses his lips against his forehead, yoongi’s eyes fly open.
"thank you," taehyung says, so softly that yoongi can’t tell if he was meant to hear it.
he feels taehyung mouth the words against his skin, but yoongi is frozen stiff, too scared to look up.
something about the whole gesture, very suddenly, feels like some fucked up extended farewell.
and yoongi tries not to choke.
his ribs ache each time he breathes in slowly in an attempt to quell the mounting panic.
this is it.
this is the end.
they’re going to have to make a decision very soon, one that is going to cost at least one of their lives.
most probably both.
they’re going to die.
i love you fuck, he wishes they had more time.
and it isn't the first time that yoongi finds his thoughts returning to the start.
the start of their end.
he remembers how taehyung grew less and less talkative during the last few weeks; and where yoongi always thought that he was like a star bursting forth with his brightness, in the last few days, it felt as if taehyung was rapidly shrinking into himself like a black hole.
he barely responded to yoongi's questions, and the few conversations they had always quickly escalated into arguments.
yoongi could tell that taehyung had something on his mind, but each time he tried to approach him about it, taehyung would lash out like a cornered animal.
yoongi wasn't able to pay a lot of attention to taehyung either, buried up to his neck in the workload the dean had dumped on him with the dangling bait of tenure.
that excuse feels so irrelevant now, but yoongi hadn't thought that his rough patch with taehyung was as serious.
he'd assumed that his husband would come around and share whatever it was that was bothering him and the whole thing would simply blow over.
divorce was the last thing on his mind; in fact, it wasn't there at all.
the thought never even crossed his mind until taehyung ambushed him on the one evening yoongi had managed to get off work on time.
he'd placed the papers before him and told him that he believed it was the best course of action for them.
and just like that, in the course of the nine weeks that followed, yoongi had watched his entire life fall apart before his eyes.
taehyung had disappeared soon after the legal proceedings ended.
there was no trace left of him.
he'd quit his job at the university, and all of his social media was gone.
the one drunken attempt at dialling his number had informed yoongi that taehyung had changed his phone number as well.
he was gone.
up until hoseok introduced him to the team three months ago and taehyung entered their laboratory, his eyes finding yoongi's almost instantly, and yoongi thought that he'd finally lost his goddamn mind.
that the ghost of taehyung was going to haunt him outside of his nightmares too.
the feeling returns to him once again as taehyung’s lips graze down to where yoongi's eyelashes fan out against his cheek, pressing a kiss there like he’s trying to memorize the curl of each lash.
the gesture has yoongi digging his nails into the flesh of taehyung’s palm in an attempt to hold down the sob building at the back of his throat.
they stay like that, breathing in each other’s air.
there is something grave and final in the silence that has yoongi breathing through his nose, terrified that if he dares to part his mouth, he’ll cry and won’t be able to stop.
neither of them attempt to break the silence.
yoongi knows that there’s no use.
there’s no time left.
they won’t make it.
taehyung’s shaking grows worse, and yoongi doesn’t dare look up to see how far up the veins have climbed.
everything is eerily still, an uneasy calm that doesn’t seem to fade.
yoongi waits for something—anything—to announce the end of the world, but nothing comes.
the night continues so silently, it nearly drives him insane.
in the end, yoongi doesn’t know how long they remain like that: taehyung trembling in yoongi’s arms as they both wait, ready for the ground to open its jaw wide and swallow them whole.
it feels like an eternity yet nothing at all.
and yoongi had pictured the end to come in all kinds of ways, from him sinking a bullet in taehyung’s skull to taehyung sinking his teeth in yoongi's throat to the elevator hurtling them straight down to hell.
he didn’t expect namjoon’s voice to be it though.
"yoongi-hyung?"
the speaker flickers to life, namjoon’s panicked voice filtering through it.
and yoongi is up on his feet before namjoon can finish.
"taehyung-ah?
thank god.
we’ve been looking for you two," namjoon says again, and yoongi scrambles towards the other end of the elevator, almost tripping over the corpse in his haste to reach the control panel and press the button for his voice to go through the call.
"joon-ah," he breathes into the microphone.
"you need to power on the elevator.
right now."
"hyung, are you both al—" namjoon starts, but yoongi cuts him off right away.
"namjoon, now," he hisses urgently.
behind him, there’s the quiet reminder of taehyung’s strained breathing, and for the first time, yoongi feels a fragile hope bloom in his chest.
they have a way out.
they might make it.
"actually—" there’s a shuffling sound, voices in the background, and namjoon’s voice cuts off abruptly.
"what—" yoongi starts frantically because that didn’t sound like a yes, but he’s interrupted by a new voice.
"yoongi."
it is seokjin.
and yoongi is about to snap at him to stop wasting time, but seokjin is speaking again.
"yoongi, what’s wrong with taehyung?"
yoongi freezes.
they must be watching the camera footage, he realises, and his forehead is still warm from where taehyung had kissed it, but everything else is growing cold because yoongi knows what is about to happen.
and he can’t.
he can’t bring himself to answer, can’t bring himself to breathe, an ice-cold fear creeping under all of his skin and chilling him to the bone, freezing him stiff.
everything is still.
yoongi can't speak.
"i was infected."
it’s taehyung who answers quietly behind him.
and the silence that follows is suffocating.
a sufficient answer in itself.
this must be what it feels like to get stabbed, yoongi thinks, and he gnashes his teeth together, crowding against the elevator once again.
"seokjin, we have the serum," he hisses urgently.
"we can't waste time.
you—" "yoongi," seokjin starts to say, something between pity and regret.
"no," yoongi interrupts him before he can continue.
his knees are trembling, and if he wasn’t holding the wall as hard as he was, he’d have collapsed already.
"there’s still time.
we can—" seokjin’s voice cuts in again, this time sharper.
"we have no way of knowing the serum will work."
"so you won’t even fucking try?"
yoongi screams this time, voice splitting and echoing in the elevator.
everything is suddenly too quiet.
taehyung is painfully silent, and yoongi feels his body shake violently, panic throttling him of all rational thought.
"you’re going to abandon him just like that?
and live the rest of your life knowing that you could’ve saved him but you didn’t?"
"i’m not going to risk the entire operation for one person, yoongi.
taehyung is my friend too, or do you think i’m doing this for my enjoyment?"
"you won’t even fucking try!"
yoongi yells back, voice thick with tears.
"you’re killing him!
not the virus!
not the zombies!
but you!"
seokjin is quiet, and yoongi’s chest heaves.
but this time it’s taehyung’s voice that cuts in between them.
"hyung," he says and rasps in a breath so rough it hurts to hear.
yoongi turns around and freezes when he catches sight of him.
taehyung must’ve been trying to crawl closer but he’s fallen forward on his elbows.
he’s trying to lift himself off the floor but his arms are shaking, and yoongi is about to scream at him not to move, but taehyung’s next words stop him dead.
"please get yoongi out of here," taehyung says, sagged almost completely to the floor and struggling to push himself off it, but he can barely lift his head.
his teeth are chattering, and yoongi’s heart freezes stiff when taehyung does manage to look up.
there are veins.
all the way up to his lips.
like they’re trying to creep inside his mouth and suffocate him.
"i’ll stay inside," taehyung says, and his lips are split and dry.
they bleed when he moves them.
"you can—you can lower me back down again.
but please get him out of here."
"no," yoongi whispers, eyes wide with horror.
he wants to scream, but all that leaves his mouth is a loud ugly sob.
"no—i won’t let you."
taehyung clenches his jaw tight.
his face is so pale.
dark blue veins crawl under his skin like roots, and yoongi watches him force himself up, leaning on his good arm to take his weight.
"at least one of us needs to make it out alive," taehyung says, not meeting yoongi’s eyes.
there’s blood gathering inside his mouth and between his teeth.
"and both of us know that it’s not going to be me."
"taehyung—" "you’ll die!"
taehyung screams, his head jerking up with force.
it’s the first time yoongi is seeing taehyung look so broken.
his whole body is shaking, chest caving in with each harsh breath.
"don’t you understand?
if any of us deserves to live, it’s you!"
"that’s not for you to decide," yoongi spits back at him.
"you two aren’t the only ones trying to reach the top," seokjin’s voice interrupts them, pausing long enough for his words to sink in.
"the other lifts are crammed with the infected," he says.
then, slowly, like he knows the weight of his next words.
"we can’t bring the power back on."
yoongi’s heart stops.
and for a moment, he is frozen on his spot, motionless.
seokjin keeps speaking; and there are more voices now, indistinct but insistent enough that yoongi can tell that they're arguing.
he can’t make out what they’re saying over the roaring pulse in his ears.
stomach twisting with a sudden wave of nausea, yoongi grabs the edge of the wall when he feels his knees shake and threaten to sink him to the floor.
but before he can fall, namjoon’s voice comes through the speaker once again.
"actually, each elevator is hooked to an emergency power supply that runs on battery," he reveals slowly, like he’s not sure whether he should disclose the information.
"but it’s not a lot.
probably just enough to get you to the nineteenth if we're lucky.
you understand what that means, right?
taehyung?"
there’s too much going on for yoongi to think.
his vision swims, but yoongi grits his teeth, willing himself to stay steady.
he can’t pass out.
he’s so scared.
"i understand," taehyung rasps.
"we’ll operate the elevator on its battery for yoongi to reach the nineteenth floor safely," namjoon tells them.
there’s a pause, and it’s the only warning yoongi gets.
"but once we’ve retrieved him, taehyung, we’ll have to eliminate you on sight."
yoongi stops breathing.
"yes.
that is fine," taehyung agrees.
"what," yoongi screams, choked with disbelief.
he slams his fist against the control panel, chest heaving with panicked breaths.
"what the fuck.
namjoon, you can’t do that!
you can’t fucking do that!"
"we are in no way prepared to contain another outbreak," seokjin snaps this time.
"you can’t see what we can.
you don’t understand the situation—" "no!
you don't understand the situation!"
yoongi shouts.
he feels wild.
it’s a gamble, just like everything else, but it’s all he has.
"listen to me," yoongi starts slowly, squeezing his eyes shut as he tries to force his voice steady.
"taehyung is—he’s the key to finding the cure, i’m sure of it.
you have to save him.
it may be a risk, but without him, the entire operation is doomed."
"what do you mean?"
seokjin’s tone is cautious.
"you have to believe me," yoongi begs, and he can’t hold his tears anymore.
he lets his head fall and collide against the control panel in resignation, voice growing thicker the longer he speaks.
"please, i’m not lying.
he’s—he’s not—you can’t kill him."
"yoongi—" seokjin starts, but it is clear that he doesn’t believe him.
"hyung, please save him," yoongi gasps, throat closing in as he bangs his fist against the wall and cries.
"he’s going to die, please.
i—i’m begging you, please save him."
seokjin is silent, and yoongi’s body shakes with the force of his sobs.
"please, please, please, please," he whispers, pressing down on his eyes hard enough to crush them.
the thought of losing taehyung is so unbearable, his chest clenches tight and he can’t breathe.
everything hurts, everything hurts so much, and yoongi feels so fucking powerless to stop it.
everything is silent for a moment.
finally, seokjin makes a sound as if to say something, but whatever he was about to say is silenced by a loud thud.
yoongi jerks his head up to look at the ceiling where the sound came from.
and there’s another thud, so sudden and strong that yoongi startles.
"yoongi?"
seokjin sounds concerned, but yoongi slowly steps away from the control panel, dread climbing up his spine and stiffening it.
the noise repeats again and again, somehow louder each time, and it’s as if something heavy is colliding against metal repeatedly.
the doors, yoongi realises with growing horror.
the doors to the elevator on the floor above them.
something is pounding against them.
something like dozens and dozens of infected bodies.
they must’ve heard all the noise, yoongi realises just as the doors groan once again under the strain, an awful screeching metallic sound so loud in the silence that yoongi knows that if nothing else, this is the end of the world.
yoongi swallows, and with an impossible amount of effort, slowly twists his neck to look back at taehyung— and feels his entire world come plummeting down on top of him.
taehyung is lying face down in the pool of blood.
he isn’t moving.
and this time, yoongi does fall, all noise strangled to silence in his throat as he drops to his knees before taehyung.
the world is dead silent save for the brutal sounds of bodies barrelling against metal again and again and again.
but yoongi no longer cares if the doors fly off their jambs.
doesn’t care if namjoon and seokjin are still watching.
with shaking hands, he pulls taehyung up by his armpits and flips him over so he’s lying on his back.
taehyung’s wound has started bleeding again, which is fine.
he can fix this.
it will be okay.
he can fix this.
he has to.
because there is no other option.
because yoongi has no one other than taehyung in this entire world.
the banging continues, and yoongi feels the lift under his feet shift unsteadily.
but what scares him even more is how limp taehyung is in his arms, his clammy hand gripped tight in yoongi’s.
is he even breathing?
shaking with something far worse than the cold, yoongi swings a leg over taehyung's hips and kneels down to bring an ear close to his bloody lips and listen for any signs of breathing.
nothing swallowing down the urge to sob, yoongi pulls away and lets go of taehyung’s hand before bringing down the heels of his palms to the center of taehyung’s chest and thumping it hard once, twice, thrice.
"taehyung, come on," he cries and continues pushing his hands down on taehyung’s chest again and again and again.
there is that choking feeling again, like yoongi’s ribs are being crushed into splinters.
there is so much that he wants to say, so much that he wishes he’d said.
but now he doesn’t think he’ll ever get the chance to.
the lift shakes, rattles, and the sounds of nails scratching against metal grate against yoongi’s ears.
and yoongi is crying now.
he’s really crying now, and he hates it.
everything hurts, and yoongi keeps compressing taehyung’s chest in hopes of getting him to breathe again, but he can’t help but think that he’s already too late.
"don’t do this," yoongi begs him.
but he can’t hear anything over the sounds of the doors screeching like they’re curving under the strain and bending in, in, in.
taehyung doesn’t respond.
"i love you," yoongi cries, voice breaking on the words.
"i love you so much.
please.
don’t do this."
don’t die on me.
taehyung’s face looks gray in the pale white light, blood on his nose and mouth, and a thicket of dark blue veins running under his thin skin, all the way up to his translucent eyelids.
yoongi tilts taehyung’s chin up and holds it in place as he pinches his nose shut with his other hand.
he leans down to press his mouth over taehyung’s and feels taehyung’s chest rise when he blows a breath into his lungs.
he pulls back to gasp in an inhale before he's dipping down again.
and then again.
and again.
and he’s crying into taehyung’s mouth.
he doesn’t know what else to do.
doesn’t know if there’s anything left to do.
the lift shakes dangerously, and yoongi holds onto taehyung desperately.
this is how it ends—yoongi’s entire life, and this is how it ends.
every crash into the doors feels like the last one.
and yoongi hates that some part of him is waiting for it, for it all to be over.
he braces for it, for the doors to finally give in and fall and crush the roof of the elevator.
for the cable wires to snap and send them all plummeting down to their deaths.
but taehyung gasps then.
and yoongi’s eyes fly open.
he releases him and jerks back to see taehyung’s eyes fluttering before screwing back shut in pain.
"it hurts," he croaks out, making a vaguely distressed noise.
yoongi’s lungs almost collapse with relief, and he sags down to press a kiss to taehyung’s forehead.
"w-what’s wrong?"
taehyung stutters out when yoongi pulls off him, blue lips trembling around the shape of the words.
he twists his neck to look at him, eyes glazed and unfocused.
and that’s when it hits yoongi.
his eyes.
they’re gray.
"y-yoongi?"
taehyung calls out again when yoongi doesn’t respond, reaching out with a trembling hand to feel for him.
he can’t see.
there is blood on his mouth and the side of his face—his ear is soaked in it—and his hazy gray eyes flit around wildly in panic as taehyung tries to grasp his surroundings.
"did the lights go out?
why is it so—" taehyung stops abruptly, and yoongi watches the realisation sink into the lines of his face before cementing there thickly.
taehyung blinks rapidly, mouth parting and then closing before he brings his shaking fingers to his face, tentatively patting the skin under his right eye.
yoongi squeezes his eyes shut, clenching his teeth hard to hold back the sob threatening to leave his lips, but he must’ve made a sound because he feels taehyung’s fingers reach out to hold his face, thumbs gently brushing away the tears on his cheeks.
"don’t cry," taehyung whispers.
"please don’t cry."
yoongi opens his eyes to taehyung’s ashen face and the blood splattered across it.
clumps of his bangs are stuck to his forehead, and the dark veins that engulf his face are so horrifying, yoongi has to swallow back vomit.
so bruised, bloody, and broken, taehyung looks just as dead as the corpse on yoongi’s left.
"yoon—" taehyung starts to say, but he’s silenced by the loud screeching sounds of the doors as they put up one final fight before giving away completely.
in that brief moment they get before yoongi is certain that this is how they die, he watches the way taehyung’s eyes grow wide, fear hardening between the lines of his face right as the doors slam into the roof and the entire car shakes so violently, yoongi loses his balance and just manages to catch himself on his elbows before he can go crashing into taehyung.
the lights go out, and yoongi doesn’t dare to breathe as the dark suddenly consumes them.
frozen stiff to his bones with fear, he feels hyperaware of every sound of the creaking suspended elevator.
any movement might cause the car to tip over.
"yoongi," taehyung starts again, no louder than a whisper.
their faces are only inches apart with yoongi’s body on top of taehyung’s, caging it as the emergency lights swing above their heads precariously.
yoongi stops him, grabbing his wrist tight because something else is coming.
and it does.
there is that awful shrieking sound and the first infected falls on the roof with a loud sickening thud .
the car wobbles dangerously, and one of the lights falls and smashes to pieces on the floor right behind them.
yoongi presses closer to taehyung, curling over him protectively.
"yoongi, look at me," taehyung says, turning yoongi’s face towards him with the wet palm on his cheek.
"it's okay," he whispers even though yoongi can feel his hand trembling against his skin.
another thud.
then a third in quick succession, and yoongi swears he hears the metal beams screeching and crumbling under the weight.
they’re going to fall.
they’re going to fall straight down to their deaths, but yoongi can’t look away from taehyung’s white eyes.
"it’s going to be okay," taehyung is saying, and yoongi can make out his bloodied lips stretching into a smile.
he might have believed him if taehyung’s eyes weren’t glistening wet with unshed tears.
it’s not going to be okay.
taehyung’s fingers caress yoongi’s cheek, leaving bloody tracks as taehyung traces his thumb along the arch of his eyebrow, then down the slope of his nose before stopping where his upper lip dips slightly.
"i wish i could see your face," taehyung whispers quietly, and yoongi's face crumples.
the metal roof is creaking under the strain, threatening to tear open, and yoongi squeezes his eyes shut when the elevator slides forward in a sharp decline.
they’re going to fall.
any second now.
they’re going to die.
"i love you," yoongi croaks out, and taehyung’s fingers still on his face.
he doesn’t dare to open his eyes to see taehyung’s face, just swallows and musters up all his courage before he loses the chance.
"i love you so much.
and i—i know—i know that you don’t feel the same, but still i want to say that—i love you, and i’m sorry i—i can’t help it.
i—i—" the lift jolts with a jarring jerk, and this is it, yoongi thinks.
this is the end.
the car creaks, and with a loud groaning sound, heaves up their weight as it starts to climb up its shaft.
it takes yoongi a moment to realise that they aren’t falling, and then his eyes fly wide open.
he yanks up his head to look at the control panel.
eight the number glows in the dark, and yoongi hears the screams of the infected as they slide off the roof of the car and the elevator slowly makes its ascent.
there’s a crackle of the speaker buzzing to life, and seokjin’s broken voice comes again.
can ...
two of you hear me?
he asks, his voice breaking through in bursts in between the static and screams.
we … managed … you … reach us … so stay put ...
until ...
eliminate the threat.
i repeat … stay put.
seokjin’s voice cuts off just as quickly as it came, and for a moment, yoongi remains frozen where he is.
until the brutal realisation of just who seokjin was calling a threat slams into him.
and then yoongi is scrambling up.
he cannot see a thing in the dark, and he’s scared of making any unnecessary movements that might cause the elevator car to finally tip over and fall.
he blindly pats for taehyung’s arm, searching for the knife he’d used to wind the tourniquet.
in the giant scheme of things, yoongi’s feelings are of little importance, which means he’s better off focusing on the things that he can fix instead.
like making sure taehyung doesn’t lose any more blood than he already has.
he has to save him; he’ll put himself between seokjin’s bullet and him if he has to.
he won't lose him again.
he can’t.
but just as yoongi reaches his arm, taehyung grabs his wrist and holds him there.
"yoongi, stop it," he murmurs and pulls his hand away to tangle their fingers together instead.
"you’ve done so much already."
yoongi shakes his head even though taehyung can’t see him.
he’s crying again, and he hates it almost as much as everything else.
if he’d done enough, they wouldn’t be here like this.
"thank you, hyung," taehyung says, and it’s just three words, but there is so much weight and sincerity in them that yoongi feels like he’s been gutted.
he stares at taehyung’s blind eyes and the blood that smears over his teeth as he speaks.
"i need you to do just one last thing for me," taehyung whispers.
"please.
it’s important."
"yeah," yoongi gasps out, breathless.
"yeah, anything.
what is it?"
"i need you to run," taehyung says, and he tightens his hold on yoongi's hand as soon as he senses that yoongi is about to fight him.
"when these doors open, i need you to run away from me.
i need you to run for your life."
"you can’t—" yoongi croaks out.
"yoongi."
taehyung smiles, pained and soft.
"please."
it’s unfair, yoongi wants to scream at him, but he can’t bring himself to speak.
"one of us should live through this.
please.
promise me," taehyung urges him.
he’s shaking all over, and yoongi’s hand grows numb from how hard taehyung squeezes it, like it is the only thing holding him together.
"promise me that you’re going to escape," taehyung says, his voice growing desperate as he pulls yoongi closer and whispers against his lips.
"promise me—you’re going to live."
yoongi is still shaking his head.
the digits on the control panel blur against his tears, but yoongi can still make out the glowing eleven.
"no," he says.
he feels taehyung’s lips part but cuts him off before he can speak.
"no, you don’t get to do this."
"yoongi—" "it was supposed to be me!"
yoongi gasps, and his arms shake to hold up his weight.
below him, taehyung goes quiet.
"why did you do it?"
he goes on, voice brittle.
"it was me who was going to be bitten!
why did you—" he doesn’t get to make it to the end of the question before his voice cracks, and he sounds so broken he might as well have been screaming.
"because you didn’t deserve to die," taehyung says quietly.
"you don’t get to fucking decide that!"
"i would do it again," taehyung says, his jaw clenched tight with a stubbornness that yoongi hasn’t ever seen before.
"i would do it a thousand more times if it meant there was even the slightest chance that you’d get to live."
taehyung’s chest heaves as he pants, each breath so harsh in the silence, and it’s only when he blinks that yoongi realises—he’s crying.
"tae…" yoongi says, but taehyung twists his face away.
tears run down his cheek, and yoongi wipes them away with his thumb.
"please don't cry," he whispers, and when taehyung sobs, it crushes yoongi’s entire heart.
"it’s going to be okay," he begins saying.
"we’re going to get through this—" "during the black plague," taehyung interrupts him as he rolls his head back to face yoongi, eyes wet and unfocused.
"you died in my arms."
yoongi freezes.
he knows, suddenly, that this is a story he doesn’t want to hear.
"before that, my devotees pinned you to a stake and burnt you alive because they believed you’d corrupted me."
yoongi’s face twists once the meaning slowly starts to dawn on him.
"taehyung," he says, and wants it to mean stop.
"1561, you were hung on a noose for a prince’s enjoyment.
in 1630, you took your own life to escape slavery.
in 1899, you got crushed under a truck, and in 1973, you were beaten with stones till you bled to death."
in the gray half-light, death looms low and heavy, and taehyung inhales sharply.
"over and over—" his voice, once so flat, cracks terribly, "you seemed to die of everything but age."
taehyung laughs like he’s choking, and even in the dark, yoongi can see his face shiny with tear tracks.
"maybe there was some truth to those stories, maybe i am stealing lives.
your lives.
i’ve been killing you over and over again and living off the stolen years."
"that can’t be true," yoongi says, strangled, but it sounds weak even to his own ears.
taehyung turns his face away so he’s facing the ceiling even though his eyes remain white and vacant.
he’s shaking like a leaf, and yoongi wants to say something—anything—but his voice fails him.
"nothing lasts forever, i told you that once," taehyung says so quietly, yoongi has to strain to hear it over the sound of their panting.
"but it’s not true."
"forever is—" he gasps out and closes his eyes, "forever is the way i feel for you."
taehyung is shivering wildly, and yoongi wants to reach up and soothe him, but he’s frozen to his bones.
"so min yoongi—" taehyung hiccups.
he’s so cold, and his hand tightens around yoongi’s, "please do not think i don’t love you."
taehyung’s eyes clench so tight, it creases his forehead.
"my love for you is the only thing that has existed as long as i have," he lifts his eyes slowly and presses their joint hands to his cheek, "for i have not known a time when you weren’t the only thing that mattered to me."
yoongi's throat grows painfully tight, and what little breath he had left withers and dies.
for a long moment, the only sound that remains is that of the metallic doors screeching against the walls of the shaft as the elevator slowly carries their weight to the top.
the silence is heavy, and there's no sound from the speaker.
it's just him and taehyung.
all alone.
the admission shouldn't matter—not now, not when they're literally seconds away from being shredded apart by bullets.
it shouldn't matter—but it does matter.
it matters because it's taehyung.
it's taehyung, and yoongi doesn't want to think about what awaits them outside this elevator, not when the rest of him is just thinking i love you i love you i love you.
taehyung doesn’t look like he’s breathing, and yoongi drops down on his elbows till their chests are touching.
he settles a palm on taehyung’s jaw instead, and taehyung flinches, but yoongi doesn’t move.
he doesn’t know what makes him do it.
maybe it is the wet unfocused haze of taehyung’s eyes and the way they don’t rest on yoongi’s face because he can’t see him.
(and might never be able to see him.) or maybe it is the dreadful fourteen becoming fifteen in the corner of his vision.
maybe it’s none of that, but yoongi doesn’t care enough to find out because he’s squeezing his eyes shut and leaning down and kissing the corner of taehyung’s lips quietly.
taehyung goes very, very still.
yoongi presses harder, desperately, to say what he cannot say with words.
he digs his fingers into taehyung’s with intent and kisses taehyung’s cheeks, his nose and his forehead, his chin and his lips.
"we’ll make it out of here," he whispers, voice trembling.
"and—and we can go stargazing, and you can be a nerd and tell me all about the lambda-cdm model."
he feels the corners of taehyung’s lips lift up in a strained smile.
"i’ll grill us beef—we’ll steal some from seokjin."
"he wouldn’t talk to either of us for a month," taehyung whispers, more air than voice.
"you know how petty he can get."
"it’s what he deserves for hoarding all the food."
he hears taehyung’s quiet and tired laugh.
and in that moment, yoongi thinks that he’ll be okay with this.
not that he has a choice.
he has to be.
taehyung doesn't ask how many floors remain.
and yoongi doesn't tell.
sixteen yoongi never knew wanting something could hurt so much.
they lie in silence for a moment, and taehyung shifts again, searching.
his aim is a little off, mouth landing on the corner of yoongi’s lips, but yoongi corrects him with the palm on his jaw.
they’re kissing, but taehyung is shaking too badly.
his body is so cold, it does something awful to yoongi.
"taehyung?"
he whispers, pulling back a little, but there’s no reply.
he lets go of taehyung’s hand slowly, but taehyung makes a weak noise of protest, and his grip, that was tight already, turns into a vice.
"your hand is warm," taehyung mumbles, the words barely leaving his lips.
his eyes are closed, and his body is so cold, trembling so violently, yoongi swallows down the sourness in his throat and gently brushes taehyung’s fringe back with the hand that’s not gripped tight in taehyung’s like the point of contact is all that’s keeping him from thrashing out in blind helplessness.
"it’s okay.
it’s going to be alright," he whispers against taehyung's lips and hopes, desperately, that it’ll be enough even though they both know that it’s not.
it’s not going to be okay.
seventeen "i’m sorry," taehyung speaks again, and yoongi can tell how much the effort exhausts him.
"i lied to you."
"it’s okay," yoongi whispers.
"no," taehyung pants, swallowing hard.
his face is pale, the blood between his teeth dark.
"you—you should be angry."
"i’m not angry."
"you should be!"
"taehyung—" "i d-don’t understand."
taehyung's voice is broken, and it's hard to understand him now, over the sound of his sobs.
"you—i lied to you.
for years—i—" "tae...i’m not angry, i swear," yoongi tries to placate him.
"you should," taehyung croaks out, his voice twisting and falling apart in a way yoongi can’t understand.
it’s okay, he tries to tell him again, but the words get caught in his throat because something in taehyung’s face is changing, and before he can blink, yoongi’s back is slammed hard against the floor as taehyung flips them over and looms over him.
yoongi’s mouth parts open with pain, but no sound comes out.
there’s something wild in taehyung’s eyes, and yoongi’s throat dries.
part of him knew all this time.
that it was going to end like this.
(nothing lasts forever.) "you should hate me," taehyung gasps.
"i love you," yoongi repeats, and taehyung’s face crumples.
veins swarming his face, his mouth and neck and chest, taehyung’s teeth don’t show when he grimaces.
his lips are red and bloodied, and he—he doesn’t look like taehyung at all.
yoongi isn’t even sure if the man staring down at him is taehyung anymore, and the thought chills him to his core.
there is so much he wants to say, but there is no time, and yoongi doesn't move when taehyung traces his fingers along his jaw, his chin.
he lets taehyung tilt his head back and parts his lips when taehyung sweeps a thumb across them.
eighteen all things come to an end, and yoongi aches from so much crying.
"i love you," taehyung says, but his voice is all wrong, and now that yoongi knows to listen for it, it sounds a lot more like i'm sorry.
yoongi feels his heart clench with so much pain.
he lifts his hand and settles his palm against taehyung’s wet cheek, cupping it very slowly before urging him closer.
"don’t," taehyung says, and he sounds more terrified than yoongi’s ever heard, his voice twisting into something foreign, something wilder, something so wrong.
"i love you too," yoongi whispers, and he hears taehyung sob, panicked breaths shrieking out of him as he trembles and tries to control himself.
the world is painfully quiet, and when yoongi pulls him down, taehyung kisses him but it's nothing like the previous kiss.
it's harsh and forceful, none of the tenderness to it.
and yoongi is shaking all over because he’s thinking of taehyung stealing his lives, and there must be something wrong with him because yoongi lets him, always lets him.
he lets taehyung force a thumb inside his mouth; he isn't kissing him as much as he's forcibly pushing yoongi's jaw open.
and crushed up so small underneath him, yoongi opens his mouth wide and lets taehyung push all of his fingers and teeth and blood onto his tongue and throat till it feels like he’s being buried alive.
for better or worse, he’ll give all his years to taehyung.
each time yoongi tries to breathe, he feels the blood seep down further inside his burning lungs.
the conflict feels a world away, and for whatever reason, the end of it all is so quiet.
the feel of taehyung—his fingers and teeth sunk in yoongi’s mouth and their chests pressed together—it drowns out everything else.
even the ding!
of the elevator doors.
nineteen and then the seemingly endless thunder of bullets barrelling into metal.
the quiet that engulfs them when the doors close at last, the last of their guests finally herded out of their home, is foreboding.
it hangs dense and heavy over their heads, but after three years of marriage, yoongi knows it for what it is: the calm that comes before a cloudburst.
he hears taehyung, behind him, twist around and bid their droids and chauffeur goodnight, relieving them from their duty for the night.
and yoongi stands facing the closed doors for a long moment, until he feels taehyung’s eyes on his spine; then he knows he can no longer forestall it.
bracing himself, he twists around as well and strides to the kitchen to pull out two fresh glasses from the overhead cabinet.
one for taehyung, and a stronger one for himself; he brings their drinks to the living room where taehyung has settled in his chair in front of the television screen.
yoongi sits on the couch in silence, and taehyung sinks back into his chair with his drink, ice cubes clinking against the glass as he crosses his legs and plays the party's footage, taken by the house droids, on the large flat panel display affixed to the wall.
yoongi absently watches the night’s highlights play on the screen as he takes a sip of his whiskey.
next to him, taehyung remains silent.
"tired?"
yoongi asks him.
there is no real care or an intent to seek an answer, but he watches taehyung’s head turn, eyes slowly sliding to meet his own.
his husband doesn’t reply; instead, his face grows darker, the grip on his drink growing tighter, and taehyung suddenly brings the glass to his lips and drains it in one swallow even though there was half of it—more than half of it remaining.
he doesn’t look away from yoongi the entire time, even as he leans forward and slams the glass down on the coffee table with a force that resounds through the quiet house.
"are you embarrassed?"
taehyung says all of a sudden, wiping his mouth harshly with the back of his hand, and yoongi looks up at him sharply, eyes narrowed.
"because it was embarrassing to watch you."
"what are you talking about?"
he asks, slowly, as he turns to face taehyung fully, but taehyung is already grabbing the remote and pausing the party’s highlights that had still been playing in the background.
he leans back in his chair, gaze calm, but yoongi can see the storm brewing in his eyes, dark gray clouds rolling in through his pupils.
"him."
he jerks his chin towards the screen in one sharp motion, and yoongi slowly twists his neck to look at what taehyung was talking about.
he goes stiff when he sees a frozen still of him and jimin from two hours ago.
they’re standing in a secluded corner of the living room, and yoongi remembers jimin had been giving everybody in the party stupid names.
jimin is grinning, and yoongi is frozen mid-laugh, both of them turned towards each other, oblivious of everybody else in the room.
it’s nothing incriminating, but with how murderous taehyung looks, it does not need to be.
yoongi turns around to meet taehyung’s gaze once again, no expression on his face but knuckles hard against his tight grip on the glass.
coolly, he says, "what about him?"
taehyung’s face hardens, lash-lined eyes growing dark, and his jaw sharp against the yellow lights overhead.
yoongi feels like a clock is ticking somewhere in the silence between them, like minutes pass as they stare at each other in a tense unblinking provocation, even though it’s been no more than a few seconds.
"you were flirting with park jimin in front of our entire fucking team."
the fury is plain to see on his face now, and yoongi rolls his eyes, purposely, because he knows how much taehyung hates it.
"we were just talking," he says with an air of exasperation and grips the glass tighter when it threatens to quiver.
then lifting one eyebrow, he tilts his head and drawls, "you were the one who invited him, remember?
was i meant to ignore him?"
"yes," taehyung hisses, jaw clenched tight.
"i invited him here to humiliate him.
the entire fucking—" he pinches the bridge of his nose with a thumb and his index finger, "the whole point of the event was to show him that he has no allies here.
but you—" taehyung snaps his head back up to stare at yoongi, and something in his gaze sends a shiver rolling down the back of yoongi's neck.
but he steels himself even as taehyung’s black eyes flicker between the white knuckles on his glass and his face.
"you fucking embarrass me," his husband hisses at him, enunciates it slow and deliberate, and yoongi presses his lips into a hard, firm line.
he lets taehyung know just how ridiculous he thinks he’s being by keeping eye contact with him as he slams his glass down on the table as well and pushes himself off his seat.
but he hasn’t taken two steps forward when taehyung has grabbed him by the wrist tightly and stopped him in his tracks.
"sit down.
you aren’t going anywhere," he says with a note of finality, not looking at him.
his eyes are on the screen, and yoongi stares at him with exasperation but makes no move to sit even when taehyung lets go of him.
the skin on his wrist stings, imprints from the bracelets now pressed where taehyung held him, but yoongi drops it and lets it hang beside him.
taehyung flicks through the videos on the screen until he finds what he was searching for.
"tell me," he says, gesturing towards the screen loosely with the remote in his hand, and yoongi slowly turns around to look at it.
it’s another shot of yoongi and jimin but more people have joined them, taehyung included.
taehyung presses play.
"i’m a serial monogamist," jimin starts saying.
one hand casually pushed into the pocket of his suit, and a grin on his lips, he swirls the wine in his glass with the other hand.
"i’m staying faithful to my drink right here."
yoongi on-screen laughs, and taehyung freezes the video once again.
"is that funny?"
he asks yoongi now as he shifts to face him.
his voice is flat, and his face has taken on that terrifying impassive nonchalance that reveals nothing.
taehyung leans back in his chair.
there’s a twist to his lips that’s almost cruel as he sits with one arm draped over the back of his chair, long legs crossed, and it has yoongi’s hair standing up.
a shiver streaks down his spine, and he grits his teeth, but right when he parts his lips to say something to convey his incredulity at the interrogation, taehyung shushes him and gestures at the screen once again.
"let’s watch it again."
he rewinds it, and jimin’s smirk is back.
small fingers adorned with rings delicately wrap around the pinot noir as he swirls its red liquid inside.
his earrings sway with every little movement of his head that is tipped to the side with a confident ease.
his long silver hair parted deeply at the side fall in front of his face, and there is that arrogance in his posture and his glittering eyes that yoongi has grown intimately familiar with.
"i’m a serial monogamist," he says, a filthy smirk on his lips, and yoongi hears taehyung quietly scoff from where he’s standing beside him.
but yoongi’s eyes are on himself, and how pleased he looks.
"i’m staying faithful to my drink right here."
yoongi’s quiet laughter resounds again in their empty house.
he isn’t looking in jimin’s direction, but his gums are wide on display before he brings his wine to his lips to conceal it.
taehyung stops the video once again, turning to look at yoongi with those dark eyes.
"so," he lifts his eyebrows, "is that funny, in your opinion?"
"are we really doing this?"
yoongi asks him, little inflection in his voice.
he wants to think that he sounds almost bored, but the two of them have played this game for far too long and, like vultures, they know where the flesh is soft.
they’re both the same kind of vindictive and vengeful after all.
taehyung shrugs, nonchalant.
"i was just wondering.
because nobody, save for you, laughed at it.
it was just objectively not funny.
so you either have a horrid sense of humor, or..."
he trails off, eyes not moving from yoongi’s face as he leans forward to pick yoongi’s drink from the table, and slowly takes a languid sip from it, lips closing around the imprint of yoongi’s own mouth on the rim.
"you’re unbelievable," yoongi deadpans.
"we went through this same shit with hoseok.
and remember how that turned out?"
as expected, taehyung’s face twists with disdain.
"hoseok—he—" "dared to be my friend?"
yoongi retorts, scoffing.
"you’re fucking insane."
taehyung doesn’t respond right away.
yoongi watches him take another long sip until he drains the glass and then knocks it down on the table.
"jimin—" he starts.
"we talked," yoongi enunciates, cutting him off.
he feels on edge; three years and taehyung still has the same effect on him.
nothing’s changed.
"are you going to put me on trial because of it?"
"so i’m being irrational?"
taehyung says, and as calm as he pretends to be, yoongi can see his brow tick with annoyance.
"you’re getting obsessed."
the accusation makes taehyung’s lips press into a thin line, and yoongi forces himself to maintain the stare, an attempt at forging composure.
"well, that’s brilliant."
taehyung smiles, close-lipped and dangerous, and the dread in yoongi’s chest grows.
"because—" he presses another button on the remote, never looking away from yoongi.
"lip read reconstruction enabled," a loud feminine voice resounds in the morbid silence between them, and yoongi’s neck cracks when he whips his head to look at the screen again.
yet another shot of him and jimin—this is when jimin had just entered, and yoongi’s surprise is evident when he catches sight of him in the crowd.
their voices can’t be heard, but the conversation is recreated from the shapes of their moving mouths.
the automated voice is speaking once again, reconstructing and reciting yoongi’s words in bland monotone.
"hey."
yoongi’s lips stretch with surprise as he strides towards jimin.
"i didn’t know you were going to come."
jimin laughs, and his hand briefly comes to touch yoongi’s elbow, a deliberate graze that is gone as soon as it came.
"honestly, i almost didn’t," he admits, and yoongi watches jimin pluck the flute out of his hand and take a slow sip.
"what changed your mind?"
he hears himself ask.
"well," jimin says slowly, his smile gaining more edge as he leans forward and slips the stem of the glass between yoongi’s fingers with purpose.
his eyes glitter with something that makes ice curl its way up to yoongi’s chest.
"you were going to be here, weren’t you?"
yoongi hasn’t moved even when taehyung pauses the video, and he feels taehyung’s unsettling gaze on him.
"so…" his husband drawls, and yoongi turns around slowly, stiff with dread.
his eyes meet taehyung’s, who is resting his chin on his palm as he watches yoongi with vicious amusement, mouth twisted into a knife-like smirk.
"just talking, huh?"
yoongi bristles.
then, biting the bait even as he sees taehyung laying it out for him, he grits out, "fine, we flirted.
are you really going to pretend that you’re jealous?"
taehyung watches him darkly for a moment.
then— "you slept with him."
when yoongi remains silent, jaw clenching hard, taehyung barks out an incredulous laugh.
"you actually slept with him!
this is hilarious!"
"fuck, taehyung, i never gave you shit about jungkook."
jungkook: a pretty thing, and taehyung’s personal secretary.
yoongi had found them joined at the lips in taehyung’s office.
jungkook had looked terrified, but taehyung hadn’t even bothered to remove the arm around jungkook’s waist.
taehyung now uncrosses his legs and stands up.
there are no traces of laughter on his face, and yoongi has to hold back the flinch that threatens to wrack through his body.
"this is different, and you know it," taehyung says lowly, gaze not moving from yoongi’s face, and yoongi feels paralyzed—a rabbit trapped in the eyes of a predator.
when taehyung takes a step towards yoongi, yoongi involuntarily takes one back, heart pounding behind gritted teeth.
"so, how long have you been going out with him?"
the truth is that yoongi had pulled jimin into his bedroom for no reason other than to spite taehyung, and he’s sure that jimin knew it too.
"this is stupid."
he makes a move to turn around, but taehyung grabs him by the arm and yanks him back.
"you can't run from this."
his voice dips low in warning, their noses almost touching.
"answer me.
how long have you been going out with him?"
"does it matter?"
yoongi sneers and snaps his eyes back up.
their faces are so close, and yoongi watches taehyung’s nostrils flare angrily.
"you’re going to believe whatever you want to believe anyway."
"tell me you don’t actually like him."
taehyung’s grip on his bicep tightens, hard enough to leave bruises, and yoongi bites down on his tongue to keep the noise in his throat from leaving his lips.
"let me guess, you’re just doing it to get a rise out of me.
you are, aren’t you?"
taehyung’s eyes on him are frightening, and when yoongi feels his hands start to shake, he curls them into fists and digs his blunt nails hard into his palms until they cut crescents into his skin.
"it might be news to you, but not everything i do is about you," he hisses, and he feels like he’s breathing too fast, too loud.
when he yanks his arm out of taehyung’s grip, taehyung lets him go.
"maybe if you pulled your head out of your ass for once, you’d realise the world doesn’t revolve around this stupid rivalry between you two."
yoongi stares at himself reflected in taehyung’s eyes, and taehyung stares back, expression unreadable.
"you know, when you suspect something, it's always better when it turns out to be true."
he says casually and laughs for real now, revealing a row of dazzling white teeth that are a contrast to those dark, dark eyes, and yoongi didn’t realise they’d steadily been moving across the room.
with each step taehyung took forward, yoongi took one back.
and when his back hits the edge of a table, taehyung cages him against it, large palms spreading on the wooden surface on either side of yoongi.
"i feel like i've had a bad tooth for years, and i'm finally getting my tongue in there and i’m digging out all the rotten shit."
yoongi goes stiff when taehyung presses their chests together.
his elbow jerks back instinctively and knocks a small potted aloe vera off the narrow ledge of the table, and onto the floor.
but neither of them look away at the sound of the loud crash.
eyes unconsciously following the tongue as it swipes across his lower lip, yoongi watches taehyung wet his lips and feels the air between them gradually change.
it’s subtle, but it’s there.
taehyung’s expensive perfume clouds the air around them, and yoongi’s mouth parts open slightly, taking in deeper breaths to keep his head from growing dizzy from it.
when he glances back to his eyes, he finds taehyung looking back at him.
for two people relentlessly at each other’s throats, they fit together so right.
yoongi’s pale white against taehyung’s golden tan, and taehyung’s larger frame engulfing yoongi’s more slender figure, crowding and pressing his spine against the edge of the table and the cool mirror affixed to the wall behind them.
and at this distance, yoongi can admire the shimmer dusted across the peaks of taehyung’s cheeks, his tan sheen, and the long silver earrings that sway and swing at the slightest movement of his head.
thick and long black locks of hair curl in front of his eyes, and yoongi finds his eyes tracing the sharp slope of his husband’s nose, the mole that sits on the tip of it, and then that deep, gentle descent of his cupid’s bow and another mole below his lower lip.
he can feel taehyung’s eyes on him, watching him as yoongi stares at his glistening mouth, and his head feels light, like one gentle nudge could send him careening towards the hard marble floor.
his alcohol tolerance is much too high for half a glass of whiskey to affect him like this, but he feels like his head is spinning, like his heartbeat is echoing between his temples and his rib cage is shaking with the force of his lungs as he tries to catch his breath when taehyung presses their bodies even closer.
swirls of arousal float thick in the silence between them.
"taehyung," yoongi tests the tenacity of his voice, but it comes out brittle, an unconvincing warning that dissolves into a gasp when taehyung pushes a thigh between yoongi’s legs and presses it against his crotch.
paralysed by taehyung’s proximity, yoongi’s legs fall open on their own, widening his stance until their hips press together, and yoongi has to grip the edge of the narrow table with both hands.
he can’t remember the last time they were intimate, the last time they were this close since the early strands of their marriage.
"look at me."
taehyung’s sharp command yanks yoongi out of his thoughts, and yoongi flinches.
he hesitates.
he’s been staring at taehyung’s lips, his chin, and occasionally the long inviting slope of his throat, but not his eyes, not more than a meagre few seconds.
taehyung obviously knows it, and he doesn’t move until yoongi drags his gaze back to meet his husband’s black unblinking eyes.
it sends a shiver down his spine, and yoongi can feel his hands begin to tremble.
fear and desire and arousal obscure all rational thought in his mind, and when taehyung presses his hip harder against yoongi’s, the drag of the fabric over yoongi’s groin shocks another gasp out of him.
taehyung doesn’t wait.
before yoongi can even conceive the thought to push him away, he’s capturing yoongi’s mouth with his own, knocking their chests together and pushing past his slack lips to taste.
there’s no pretence of gentleness.
it’s rough and desperate, and the extra weight pinning him down has the edge of the table digging painfully into his back, but taehyung pushes his tongue further inside and all thoughts of resistance are lapped up by him.
he tastes of whiskey and a tinge of sweetness from the dessert earlier that has yoongi groaning again.
despite how long it may have been since they last did this, they find their rhythm within seconds.
like there were no years spent in silence, no nights spent in hotel rooms with other conquests, no threats or petty and vindictive attempts to elicit jealousy from the other.
one of yoongi’s hands finds the hair at the nape of taehyung’s neck and grips it tight enough to make taehyung hiss into his mouth.
the kiss breaks, and their mouths are still so close, continuing to breathe in each other’s exhales.
"‘tis what you wanted, right?"
taehyung pants into the air between them.
"flirting with park jimin in front of everybody so i would see you—you just wanted to get me to fuck you, didn’t you?"
yoongi’s eyes slit open; he hadn’t realised when he closed them, and his blurry vision refocuses on taehyung’s dark eyes that look glassy in the yellow lights of their living room, outlined with long lashes and a mole on his waterline.
it takes yoongi a few moments too long to realise taehyung had spoken.
and— "yeah," he says on a harsh exhale.
he’d be lying if he said it didn’t cross his mind.
taehyung’s eyebrow quirks up, caught by surprise at the sudden show of honesty.
it’s subtle, but yoongi’s had years of practice.
he knows where to look.
and it’s so strange, to be so familiar with someone yet so foreign.
taehyung drags his gaze across yoongi’s face, before that mouth finally twists into a devilish smirk, promising cruelty when he coos, "sweetheart," as if in disbelief, not missing the way yoongi’s body jolts against his at the sudden endearment.
"you could’ve just asked."
and when he rolls his hips against yoongi, yoongi’s chin tips up as he groans.
"tae—" he tries, weakly, but taehyung can read yoongi better than possibly everybody else.
and he doesn’t stop.
his hand, that was keeping yoongi caged against the table, now comes to grab him by the back of his neck and tugs him closer to himself.
down to their rawest, with all the surface layers peeled off, yoongi is pliant to taehyung’s every touch and desire.
it is what his husband likes best: to possess what belongs to him, and to fight for it if it doesn’t.
he doesn’t put up a fight when taehyung parts his lips and kisses him greedily, taking possession of every nook and cranny of his wet mouth.
yoongi lets his lips fall slack, and the kiss dissolves into something primal and carnal, their teeth knocking and lips smacking as their tongues tangle and the sounds of their gasps get swallowed in their mouths.
yoongi almost doesn’t notice when taehyung begins to undo the buttons to his leather trench coat, too distracted by the taste of taehyung’s tongue.
the whiskey’s bitterness has vanished completely, along with the cigarettes on yoongi’s tongue, and it’s just the two of them now, tasting vaguely like the lip balm taehyung wears.
taehyung’s hands push the thick coat off his shoulders, revealing the black turtleneck underneath it, and yoongi sheds both the garments before grabbing fistfuls of taehyung’s hair in his hands again.
taehyung growls into his mouth and grabs the waistband of his slacks next.
his movements are harsh as he wrenches the button free and shoves the zipper as far down it would go, before tugging both the trousers and boxers down yoongi’s hips to his thighs.
"turn around," taehyung pulls away from yoongi to grunt, but he doesn’t wait for yoongi to move, grabbing him right away and twisting him around sharply.
yoongi’s fingers scramble to grab the ledge of the narrow table, and he hears taehyung sweep away the pile of clothes between their legs with his boot before he presses his chest to the curve of yoongi’s back—and yoongi catches sight of himself in the mirror.
he doesn’t remember taehyung touching his hair, but the careful blond waves that sat styled in a middle part now hang unruly and sweaty before his eyes.
skin flushed, and his mouth glistening cherry-red in the yellow light, yoongi finds taehyung’s stare in the reflection.
his husband is still fully clothed, and when he places one large palm on the small of yoongi’s back, the cool touch of his rings sends yoongi shivering against taehyung’s broader body.
taehyung presses his palm down on yoongi’s back until yoongi’s spine is curved and his face is so close to the mirror, each of his tremulous breaths fogs up the glass.
"i thought about it too."
taehyung’s voice, that is already a natural honey deep, sounds even lower and rougher now, and yoongi’s head, that still hasn’t stopped spinning, tries to remain steady as a wave of drunk euphoria slowly drowns it, silencing the small voice in his head warning him not to let his lust and residual feelings for taehyung send him back to those times, early in their marriage, when yoongi had foolishly dreamed something would grow between the two of them.
"each time we argued," taehyung keeps his tone blasé, but the dark promise in his eyes, reflected in the mirror, tells a different story, "i wondered if i stuffed your mouth full with my dick, would you still be able to be so mouthy?"
"did you now?"
an incredulous throaty laugh leaves yoongi.
he recognises hopeless daydreams now, knows now that the soil between them is salted beyond repair.
"mm, imagined you sitting docile on your knees while i fucked that pretty mouth full."
taehyung shifts out of his view and bends down to grab something from the floor, and yoongi lets his eyelids fall close.
when his husband returns, he presses a sloppy open mouth kiss to the skin behind yoongi’s ear before whispering into it again, "‘til your throat went raw.
‘til it was filled so full with my cum, you couldn’t speak a word."
there is a distinct sound of taehyung unbuckling his belt, then something soft tearing, and yoongi parts his lips to retort, but a gasp escapes him suddenly when one of taehyung’s hands grabs his ass and spreads it open, something cold and wet dribbling down inside of him a moment later.
his eyes snap open.
"i-is that—?"
"aloe vera."
yoongi watches taehyung toss the broken fleshy leaf somewhere out of his periphery, and feels when he shrugs one shoulder up.
"‘twas ruined already."
the weight on his spine eases, but yoongi remains bent like that, arms strained under his chest and knuckles hard against the rosewood, while taehyung’s finger prods at his wet rim.
his forehead falls against the cool mirror with a quiet thud, moist exhales fogging the mirror and sweat beginning to gather even though they’ve just gotten started.
taehyung pushes his finger until he’s buried up to his knuckle inside yoongi; and the intrusion isn’t pleasant, but the aloe vera makes the slide easier even though taehyung isn’t very gentle himself.
he slips out his finger, and then, without warning, thrusts in two of them inside him, turning and twisting them to coax him open.
"taehyung—fuck, relax," yoongi hisses, gripping the table tight.
"slow down."
"you’re the one who needs to relax," taehyung rasps into his ear.
"so fucking tense," he says and punctuates it by pushing his fingers even deeper inside him.
and yoongi groans at the stretch, back bowing up until taehyung pushes him back down.
his fingers are large, nothing in comparison to his dick, but he still manages to pull out tiny whimpers of pleasure from yoongi as he builds a steady rhythm and fucks him loose with his fingers.
scissoring and spreading them as far as they’d reach, every so often, he’d press against the one spot that has yoongi gasping and panting, fingernails frantically gripping the table tighter.
by the time they get to the third finger—that taehyung, the bastard, thrusts in along with his thick silver wedding ring—yoongi is straining against taehyung’s weight keeping him flush against the table.
hips jolting with every relentless press against his prostate, yoongi whines low in his throat.
"c’mon," he urges through gritted teeth, nearing the end of his patience.
"thought—ah, thought you wanted to shut me up?"
taehyung pauses briefly; then finally abandons all movement, tugging his fingers out of yoongi in one swift pull.
yoongi whines, reflexively, at the loss—a sound that is abruptly strangled in his throat when taehyung snatches his hip and presses the raw uncut head of his cock to his rim.
"you’re right," he says as he curls over him, till they’re pressed against each other completely, taehyung’s chest against yoongi’s back and their lungs heaving in turn.
his husband pants into his ear, "but tonight—for the show you put on for me—i thought maybe, i should fuck you like this."
his grip on yoongi’s hip tightens, like he wants to leave his claim on the thin skin, and it’s the only warning yoongi gets before taehyung is pushing inside him in one steady stroke until he’s buried up to his hilt and yoongi is lifted on his toes to accommodate him.
yoongi’s mouth falls open, but no sound leaves him.
the pressure is uncomfortable, like taehyung’s cock has carved out a new path inside him, remolded yoongi to accommodate his shape and big size, and yoongi’s arms threaten to give out under him, quivering so badly, yoongi knows taehyung feels it too.
he’s proven right when taehyung’s hand leaves his hips and grabs his wrist, yanking it out from under him only to bring it over his head and pin it to the mirror.
he does the same with his other wrist until he has yoongi pinned down under him, on the tips of his toes, belly pressed against the edge of the table and his leaking cock trapped between the two.
head hanging low and precome helplessly trailing down from the slit on his cock, yoongi feels completely confined.
"i’ll take you from behind," taehyung whispers into the nape of his neck, cold nose and hot exhales sweeping against yoongi’s sensitive skin and making him squirm despite taehyung’s hold on him.
taehyung leans down and presses their bodies even closer until yoongi lets out a weak whimper.
"trap you to my bed and fuck you every night ‘til you can’t walk," he says, dreadfully, a threat in his voice that sends a shiver down yoongi’s bent body, "‘til you can’t go out, can’t meet anybody else.
locked in my bedroom, i’d keep you all to myself."
a smile grows on taehyung’s lips, and yoongi feels the thin lips cut sharp against his skin.
"you’d enjoy that, won’t you?
you’ll have all of my attention finally."
yoongi doesn’t get an opportunity to respond because taehyung is immediately pulling out and snapping his hips into him with a strength that punches out a loud strangled moan from yoongi and leaves his jaw slack.
another thrust, and yoongi scrapes his nails against the mirror, wrists still immobile under taehyung’s harsh grip.
"admit it," taehyung pants out, and his fingers tighten so hard around yoongi’s wrists, yoongi hisses.
"you want my attention."
yoongi’s body jostles along with the force of taehyung’s rolls, knees wobbling under him but taehyung’s body pins him upright.
but because he refuses to lose this battle between them, yoongi laughs in between a moan.
"sounds a lot like it’s you who wants my attention," he slurs, lips stretching wide in a smile when he feels taehyung pause briefly in his movements.
"yeah?"
he asks, voice rough, and when yoongi lifts his head, he finds his husband watching him in the mirror.
red lips parted open to take in deeper breaths, yoongi catches a hint of his tongue when it slides across his teeth.
"mm," yoongi answers, and for a long moment, the two of them stare at each other in the mirror wordlessly.
when taehyung resumes his rhythm again, now rolling his hips against yoongi’s ass harder, pace quickening, he bends down to sink his teeth into the back of yoongi’s neck.
it drags a hiss out of yoongi’s lips, and a jolt out of his hips, muscles jumping where the two of them are pressed together intimately.
"so you didn’t have jungkook transferred to your department the next day?"
taehyung says when he resurfaces, sounding more controlled than he appears, saliva on his chin and yoongi’s skin where the indentation of taehyung’s teeth sits fresh and raw.
"the kid had t’ah–lent," yoongi tries to say, but the words dissolve into a series of broken moans when taehyung finally uses that strength in his hips to fuck yoongi at a brutal pace, pelvis slamming down hard against the swell of yoongi’s ass and reaching so deep inside him, yoongi sobs and tries to muffle it into the crook of his elbow.
"you were lettin’ it go to waste—ah—just—becuh-because you wanted to get your dick—uhn—wet fuck—" "and jimin?"
taehyung is relentless, and the sounds of their skin slapping are obscenely loud at this point.
yoongi’s face is wet with his tears.
"were his talents put to good use when he was pounding you into the mattress?"
eyes screwing shut and knees wobbling, his own cock neglected under him, yoongi can only take what taehyung gives him.
and punishment is what taehyung seems to want to give him, with the way his hips pull out almost entirely to his tip before kicking back inside yoongi with a force that has yoongi repeatedly ramming against the table’s edge, prostate hit head-down with every thrust.
yoongi’s mouth falls further open, and he can’t recognise his own voice when he lifts his head and moans, so whiny and desperate.
he shifts his full weight to the table after his knees finally give out under him, and taehyung shifts his hold so he’s holding both of yoongi’s wrists in one hand while the fingers of his other hand slide down to the damp skin of yoongi’s abdomen and dig into his belly possessively, pulling him closer.
"taehyung—" yoongi sobs, tongue heavy and lolling in his mouth.
he’s openly crying now, and he wants to get his hands on his cock, but they remain pinned to the mirror in taehyung’s grip that doesn’t falter even once.
"how small was his dick?"
taehyung rasps in between pants.
"you’re so fucking tight."
it’s only then that yoongi realises, belatedly, that they aren’t using a condom, like fucking fools, like the whole thing wasn’t spurred on by the fact that they had both been sleeping with other people.
"did jimin even fuck you?
you didn’t lie to me about it, right?"
taehyung has his mouth over the side of his face, and he laves his tongue at the soft hairs below his sideburn where his jaw ends, then at the shell of his ear, sloppily sucking at the lobe and tugging at his swinging earrings with his teeth.
"just so i’d fuck you here, like a bitch in heat?"
"i didn’t—i didn’t lie," yoongi insists, then almost whines.
"more, tae—c’mon.
‘tis so good."
"yeah?"
taehyung presses his mouth to yoongi’s ear, his moist exhales blowing right into it.
"better than him, mm?"
moan twisting into an incredulous laugh, yoongi slits his eyes open and twists his neck to stare back at taehyung through the blur of his tears.
"y’are so obvious, you know that?"
he says.
"tell me."
taehyung’s pants are heavy on yoongi’s skin, faces so close, their lips graze, but it’s his black unrelenting gaze on yoongi that has yoongi shivering for all sorts of reasons.
"better, s’much better."
yoongi sighs, voice wrecked and tongue fucked loose.
"you fuck me s’good.
like nobody else.
so deep and rough.
like…" "like what?"
taehyung’s voice is sharp and demanding despite how breathless he sounds, and his painfully tight grip on his wrists almost borders on intolerable.
"like i’m yours."
"like i own you."
"no—like ’m yours," yoongi persists.
there’s a difference, somewhere at the back of his foggy mind, but he can’t bring himself to speak with how taehyung’s balls slap ceaselessly against the back of his thighs, his ass.
taehyung doesn’t refute it, and yoongi whimpers as his orgasm builds wickedly.
he didn’t even realise how close he was until taehyung’s forceful thrusts slowed into something deeper, something more sensual; and then suddenly, it’s too much.
pain and pleasure drag together, and yoongi hears his broken voice cry out.
"tae—taehy’ng, please, please—" he sobs into taehyung’s mouth, and feels slightly delirious when he imagines his stomach bulging out with how deep taehyung’s cock reaches him.
there’s something about being fucked so senseless by taehyung like this, trapped against the mirror on his toes, that has the muscles in his limbs coiling tight and his abdomen clenching inside.
"ah, but you’re seeing park jimin," his husband whispers, as if the thought only just struck him, and he kisses his lip, tugging it between his teeth to expose more of yoongi’s teeth, fingers still holding yoongi’s hands away.
"you want me to call him over?
let him finish you off."
"nn—no—" breaths coming out short, yoongi pleads when taehyung’s hips slow down mercilessly.
"please don’t stop.
want you—please."
"i don’t know if i should believe you," his husband hums, and there’s definitely something cruel there, unrelenting and vicious, a smug curl of his lips.
"please, tae.
i want you," yoongi whimpers, breath hitching as he tries to squirm back against taehyung’s cock inside him, but taehyung pins him down to the table with his hips, allowing no movement.
"please—ah—want your dick—want your big fuckin’ cock."
"want my big cock?"
yoongi nods a few times, frantically, then tips his chin up so they’re panting into each other’s mouths.
"want it s’bad."
"only mine?"
taehyung’s eyes are dark, and fresh tears slide down yoongi’s cheeks.
"only yours," he slurs, more air than voice.
and that seems to satisfy taehyung because he’s abandoning the grip on his wrists and belly immediately in favour of holding him by the hips, keeping him from jostling away by two vice grips before he returns to pounding against him, ramming his thick cock into his abused hole while yoongi cries and claws at the mirror.
with nothing to hold him up, his torso drops forward, limp and fucked-out, and his arms slide back down to his elbows like dead weights, trapped between his chest and the mirror as taehyung jostles their bodies forward.
all he can do is let out weak little whines each time taehyung fucks him even harder, even deeper than before.
his body quivers as his orgasm builds, and yoongi pries his eyes open to his reflection in the fogged mirror: eyes dark and lidded, clumps of wet fluttering eyelashes, and trails of soft dark bruises crawling across his flushed skin—his wrists, his hips, his jaw, throat and his chest—everywhere taehyung’s greedy fingers pressed too hard to profess possession.
tears dry and stiffen against his cheeks; and behind him, taehyung presses his face into the curve of yoongi’s neck and shoulder, no longer able to fuck him with full strokes, but abandoning them in favour of smaller, faster jerks.
"come on my dick," taehyung pants, and punctuates the order by fucking into him with a harsh wet slap.
"you want it so bad?
so come on it."
and as if his body was only waiting for his permission, yoongi’s head tips back against taehyung’s sternum, and he squeezes his eyes shut as the orgasm is slowly dragged out of him in thick spurts of cum that streak up his navel and paint the dark rosewood white.
his gaze goes unfocused as his orgasm climbs, taking his coherency with him as he gasps out taehyung’s name and convulses when taehyung catches him right where it’s overwhelming.
taehyung doesn’t stop though, and yoongi tries to get a palm between them and shove at taehyung’s chest, but it’s of no use.
instead, taehyung pushes at the space between yoongi’s shoulder blades ("stay still," he pants), pressing yoongi’s chest and face against the mirror, and yoongi, despite himself, goes pliantly, back arching high even as his muscles burn at the unnatural pose.
tightening his hold on his hip with the other hand, taehyung tugs yoongi back as he shoves his cock deeper inside him once again, cleaving yoongi open for himself once again.
yoongi’s mouth parts in a sob, body jerking as taehyung fucks him hard and deep and fast.
his sounds are louder and longer now, coming from somewhere deep in his chest as he repeatedly groans out yoongi’s name and rams himself into him, pelvis to ass.
and yoongi falls mute, all noises strangled to silence in his throat even as his mouth hangs open and taehyung pulls him in for a rough and sloppy kiss while he chases his own impending climax.
it is barely even a kiss, taehyung holding his mouth open as he laves at yoongi’s chapped lips, his skin and his sweat.
and yoongi is caught somewhere between the onslaught of his orgasm and the onset of oversensitivity when taehyung finally comes and fills him with his release.
his body unfurls once taehyung eases the pressure on his back, and he slumps down on the table, knees buckling as soon as taehyung lets him go.
heavy pants fill the air, and yoongi feels the wetness trail down inside his thighs.
his entire body leaps up when taehyung pulls out of him, more of his come seeping out and dribbling down yoongi’s legs, who exhales a hiss at the sudden loss.
neither of them speak for a while.
they pant as their breaths even out, and then yoongi hears the sounds of taehyung adjusting the buckle of his belt.
yoongi can’t move though, and he waits until the strength returns to his legs before he staggers upright, wincing at the way his wrists strain to pick his weight.
he expects taehyung to leave once he’s fixed himself, but his husband doesn’t move from his spot behind yoongi, and the two of them watch each other in the mirror in silence while yoongi pulls up and buttons his pants.
taehyung’s dark unblinking gaze makes him uncomfortable, but yoongi rolls his eyes and forgoes his sweater.
he twists around and crosses his arms over his chest, tipping his chin up and meeting taehyung’s eyes head-on even as a shiver threatens to crawl down between his shoulder blades.
they’re too close.
and yoongi swallows hard.
but taehyung is speaking before he can start.
"park jimin," he says, and his expression has returned to its expected impassiveness that tells yoongi nothing.
yoongi feels like he’s being cornered again, and he has to physically stop himself from flinching when taehyung steps forward and leans close enough for their noses to brush.
his lips part instinctively, but nothing comes out besides a shaky exhale.
taehyung breathes with him, and the hot air is mixed with a prick of dread that nips at yoongi’s skin where taehyung’s exhales meet his lips.
"you don’t actually think he wants you, do you?"
taehyung’s voice is low.
and yoongi’s heartbeat spikes when taehyung’s hand comes to grab his chin.
trapping it between his thumb and a curled knuckle, his husband continues, "he’s just using you to get at me."
yoongi sets his jaw tight and says nothing.
taehyung watches him with lidded dark eyes.
the lights cast a shadow across his face, making his handsome features look sharper and more pronounced, and at this distance, yoongi has to tilt up his head to look at him, at the strong line of his nose, his jaw, the adam’s apple— taehyung’s grip on his chin tightens, jerking it up to force yoongi to meet his eyes.
they’re burning black.
"but you probably already know that."
taehyung’s voice is flat, his lips moving slowly and his eyes deliberately dragging across yoongi’s face till they stop at his lips.
"after all," taehyung unhooks his knuckle and slides it along the edge of his jaw, joining more fingers to hold him there—and then he grins, a corner of his lips pulled to the side to reveal a row of teeth.
sharp and predatory, he tilts his face closer to yoongi’s and whispers against his lips with purpose, "you’d spread your legs for anybody who offers you even a morsel of attention."
ice chills yoongi down to his core.
taehyung pulls away, just a little, and for a moment, yoongi just stands there stiff, staring at the way taehyung’s eyelashes flutter against his cheekbones and thin wavy strands of his hair hang before his eyes.
a pleased smirk carved between his lips and— a loud, visceral laugh leaves yoongi's chest.
it scrapes painfully against his raw throat, and taehyung jerks his head back to look at him with surprise.
"if that’s the case," yoongi starts, lips twitching into a smirk before he’s smiling wide and menacing as he curls his fingers around taehyung’s wrist and wrenches it away from his face.
"what about you?"
taehyung takes a grudging half-step back, but yoongi is closing the distance between them once again.
"if park jimin is flirting with me to get a reaction out of you—" enunciating each word with a slow mocking precision, yoongi takes another step forward, still smiling when he cocks his head slightly to the side and asks, "aren’t you doing just that?"
fury flashes across taehyung’s face, a storm seething in his eyes, and yoongi laughs again.
"so easy," he taunts.
"he knows exactly how to play you."
and because all that between taehyung and jimin comes down to just one thing: "the chairman probably knows it too.
that’s why he gave the position to park jimin."
smiling sweetly in the face of taehyung’s rage, yoongi leans forward to hammer in the final nail.
"he couldn’t entrust the company to his imbecile son now, could he?"
even if just for a fraction of a moment, he sees a flash of taehyung’s teeth where his lips curl up in a feral snarl, and then yoongi is being slammed back against the table by two large palms.
his shoulder is pushed into the wall hard, and yoongi lets out a loud broken scream when a sharp pain cuts into the back of his scalp where his head is smashed into the mirror.
the hands on his shoulders jerk away abruptly, and yoongi feels the ground slide out from under him as his body crumples and his knees tremble, then give out as well.
he slides down the leg of the table as a heavy sinking feeling settles over him and his eyes droop close.
consciousness quickly receding into the far corners of his mind, yoongi grows vaguely aware of the wetness growing at the back of his head and trickling down to his neck.
he struggles to sit upright, but sourness comes rushing up to his throat and he can barely lift his head.
it is only the unbearable throbbing pain at the back of his skull that keeps him from blacking out and collapsing on the hard marble floor; and even though he can't understand what he's saying, distantly, yoongi can make out taehyung’s panicked voice from somewhere above him.
when he finally, slowly lifts the weight of his eyelids and turns his head to face him, eyes glazed and unfocused, he sees his husband crouched on his knees in front of him, frightened hands hovering in the air above yoongi as if not knowing if or where he should touch him.
yoongi blinks several times to clear his vision.
the floor under his palms is damp and sticky.
it takes a lot of effort, but yoongi digs his fingers into the floor and, eventually, gathers enough strength to move.
he lifts himself on his elbow, shoulders trembling, as he shifts and puts the weight onto his forearm to twist his torso until he’s oriented upright.
the simple movement leaves him breathless, nausea and agony flaring up so hot in his skull, he thinks it’ll burst open.
but yoongi grits his teeth and swallows down the pained cry before it leaves him, attention snatched by taehyung who has his phone in his frantic hands, fingers no doubt dialling for the ambulance.
his body is in no shape to move, but yoongi is clenching his teeth tight and jerking to the side anyway, arm shooting out and grabbing the phone from taehyung’s fingers only to hurl it at the wall to their right.
the phone is smashed by the sudden impact with the wall before it falls on the floor, and taehyung’s head jerks up to look at him.
then, as if all his earlier qualms about touching yoongi suddenly dissipate in an instant, taehyung is crawling closer to him, and yoongi’s hand immediately pats the floor behind him blindly to find a weapon big enough.
"what in the hell are you—" taehyung starts to hiss, but whatever he was about to say gets dissolved in a gasp as soon as he is close enough for yoongi to stab his side with the large piece of glass fisted in his fingers.
taehyung stills momentarily, presumably out of shock, and yoongi digs the piece of glass deeper into flesh till he can be sure that he’s slashed at his kidney and taehyung’s mouth falls open as he struggles to breathe.
arms shaking until he ultimately falls onto his elbows and his forehead collides against yoongi’s sternum, taehyung's body sags down and his stomach shudders uncontrollably against the jut of yoongi’s hip bones.
hot tears slide down yoongi’s cheeks, and his head throbs painfully, breaths coming faster and sharper in his throat.
years and years of accumulated endurance, and his stomach still threatens to convulse at the thought and the sight of it all coming to an end.
but remorse is no longer a choice, and he's prying out the glass before thrusting it in deeper, till his entire fist is sunk and smeared in taehyung's blood.
and taehyung is wheezing, a pained cry breaking through his lips and echoing strangely in his mouth.
his body jerks and twitches involuntarily, but he can hardly move or breathe, bleeding so heavily it’s drenched his entire side and soaked yoongi up till his elbow, a pool of it rapidly growing under their bodies like a red flat lake.
drenched in blood, sweat, tears and cum, left shoulder grinding against the edge of the table’s leg and scalp cut open and bleeding down his neck, when two of taehyung’s hands come to grab him in one last desperate attempt to thrash yoongi off him, yoongi can’t stop him.
his heart spasms in his chest, a frantic rhythm against his rib cage that pounds heavily against his skull as well.
but taehyung only manages to lift himself by a fraction before he slams back down again, body too weak to carry its own weight.
his chest won’t lift to let his lungs expand.
and for a long time, there’s nothing besides a heavy silence that stretches over their heads like death.
then yoongi grabs taehyung’s hair and yanks it back so violently, his head is thrown as far back as it can without his neck splitting.
and staring deep into his lifeless eyes, flat and black, yoongi tries to find even the faintest flicker of life but comes up empty.
he is dead.
strangely, the thought doesn’t unsettle him, and he lets the head fall back against his chest where it meets his sternum with a heavy thump.
yoongi doesn’t know how long he lies there, unmoving, with taehyung on top of him.
soaking wet in the steady stream of his husband’s blood, yoongi runs his fingers through taehyung’s thick hair and stares up at the ceiling as he breathes: in, till his lungs grow so full his ribs ache, then back out slowly.
like, for the first time, despite his husband’s dead weight threatening to crush his chest, it’s the easiest thing in the world.
yoongi wakes up to the persistent saltiness on his tongue and a dry, brackish throat that gasps for air for a few panicked seconds where his limbs, jammed stiff in sleep, flail out in blind helplessness, searching for something—anything—until he feels cold hands hold his palms and press them against a sturdy chest, strong and steady and familiar.
taehyung’s low honeyed voice brings him back, and yoongi instinctively follows his counts and feels his lungs expand with air, "slowly, now exhale, with me, that’s right."
the terror slowly seeps out of his stiff body even as the darkness remains.
it’s okay, everything’s alright, taehyung whispers close to his ear, and yoongi shakily pushes himself off the floor with taehyung’s help, feeling for the boat’s gunwale and settling his torso against it so that the sun’s warmth hits the side of his face.
he guesses it’s well into morning.
"it’s half past ten," taehyung affirms his thoughts, and from the sounds of the tin cans clinking together, yoongi can tell that he’s counting their quickly depleting supplies and calculating their duration.
ten packs of biscuits, and twenty one cans of fresh water, yoongi’s mental repository reminds him.
unless it rains again, their supplies won’t last them longer than a week.
when his breathing returns to normal, yoongi twists around and maneuvers his way across the boat.
skimming his fingers along the edge of the boat, he familiarises himself with the vessel once again even though it’s hardly necessary at this point.
he knows the boat like he knows his bedroom back in seoul, but it gives him something to do.
just like taehyung likes to count and organise their supplies each day, yoongi likes to check their equipment and make sure everything is working like it should.
it provides him an illusion of a routine, something to keep him busy and not fall into the waves of despair that threaten to drown him each time he lets his mind wander into the darkness.
two buoyant oars.
about four meters in length and held in place by thole pins.
they’d attempted rowing the boat on their first day, steering it in a direction that had made sense at the time.
but after five hours of battling the currents under the harsh sun, halfway into their day, hands chafed red and arms throbbing with ache, it became evident that it was doing little for them and that conserving their body’s strength and energy should be the higher priority.
two boat hooks, left unleashed and ready for use to fend away from the ship’s side.
taehyung and yoongi had gotten more use out of them by using them as swords in some unnecessarily elaborate historical roleplay that taehyung had began impromptu on their first night under the stars.
one boat bailer and two buckets of a carrying capacity of two gallons, the first of which they use for storing freshwater.
the second bucket is the one taehyung peed in, and it’s kept on the stern end of the boat.
taehyung likes to annoy yoongi by pretending he accidentally switched the two.
a survival manual kept on the side bench, arguably the most useful item they found in their locker.
fortunately, it has an english translation below the original japanese text.
unfortunately, it doesn’t come in braille.
taehyung reads it out loud each day for both of their benefit.
two hatchets, stowed at each end of the boat.
they’ve only used them to chop the heads off the thrashing fish they catch in their net.
understandably, only taehyung gets to wield it.
a jack knife attached to the boat by a metal lanyard, used mostly to open tin cans and divide their catch into equal portions.
one sea anchor with shock resistant hawser and a tripping line.
waves are more strongly felt when the boat turns sideways to the current.
the sea anchor keeps the boat’s head to the wind, increasing control and reducing sea sickness.
two rescue quoit, one 20 meters long painter rope, a daylight signalling mirror, and a radar reflector.
they haven’t found a need for any of those yet.
four rocket parachute flares, six hand flares, and two buoyant smoke floats—they all proved to be equally useless as well.
taehyung had screamed his throat raw when he caught a glimpse of a passing freighter in the distance two days ago.
the two of them had launched flares, yelled, and banged the buckets against the side of the boat, but the vessel simply passed them silently.
the days since then have been unimaginably longer.
inside the small gear locker, there is a pack of anti-seasickness tablets, of which only two remain.
taehyung had spent the better half of the second day bent over the gunwale until yoongi found the sea anchor in the locker.
there is a watertight container that yoongi recognises as the first-aid kit.
along with it are two thermal protective aids, a searchlight, an electric torch, and portable fire extinguishing equipment.
the entire boat is twenty six feet long and eight feet wide, partially covered with a tarpaulin on the stern end where taehyung sits.
yoongi hears him close the storage compartment where they keep the food supplies, and bring out a packet of crackers.
"we still have the dorado from last night.
you want to have that?"
yoongi clicks his tongue in response, and once again, using the gunwale as a guide, he makes his way to taehyung who holds his hand when he reaches him.
taking the packet of crackers from taehyung, yoongi sits on the bench and pulls the wrapping open.
next to him, he hears taehyung bring out the leftovers of the dried fish they caught yesterday.
it had taken a while for them to get any good at it.
there had been a set of fishing tackle amongst the food rations, but even though yoongi had tagged along with seokjin on sufficient fishing expeditions to know what he had to do, doing it blind, in the middle of the pacific, and with no bait, had proved to require an entirely separate skill set.
it has been difficult, the blindness, even though it’s been almost seven months since the horrid darkness sunk behind his pupils permanently.
seven months since the last day of the previous year, when the bridge on their way home from jimin and hoseok’s place had iced over.
vehicles were sliding, and the bus from the opposite lane was speedily careening towards them.
yoongi, who was behind the wheel at the time, had had only a split of a second to react.
he’d swerved their car to the left, towards the guardrail, and it could've been fine.
it would’ve been fine if the bus hadn’t crashed straight into the guardrail as well, the impact of it breaking the barricade beyond the guardrail and plunging their car into the freezing water below the bridge.
now, taehyung carries a long scar across his chest, and yoongi lives in an inescapable darkness.
funny how that works out, because just seven months later, they’re now stranded on a blue desert after a shipwreck.
this was supposed to be an anniversary vacation to hawaii.
taehyung had been planning the trip for months, as a break from what their lives had become (relentless arguments and fights over taehyung wanting to help, desperately, and yoongi fiercely refusing to be treated like an invalid) a time to start afresh, and the thought alone makes yoongi want to laugh out loud and cry until his chest hurts.
they eat their breakfast quietly.
in the beginning, taehyung had attempted to fill up the silences; now the two of them remain silent as they eat, and it’s only when yoongi finishes eating does taehyung talk.
"yoongi," he says casually, honorifics lost sometime during the past three years of marriage, after he discovered the way yoongi shivered against him when taehyung whispered yoongi-yah into his ear and gently rocked inside him.
"do you want to shave today?"
life after the accident was much different.
while yoongi had slowly grown accustomed to living with his handicap, both at home and at work, there were some aspects of his blindness that he had stubbornly refused to let taehyung into.
this was one of them.
yoongi had refused to let taehyung help him early on, still furious at his own helplessness.
for weeks, he tried to do it himself, and while he had a steady hand and never nicked his skin, there always remained patches that eyesight alone could have spotted.
now, yoongi sits under the shade of their rainwater catcher as taehyung kneels between his thighs, his fingers keeping yoongi’s chin in place as he wipes yoongi’s face with a damp cloth.
"that better be from the right bucket," yoongi says absently, too rigid and focused on the intimacy of taehyung’s gentle touches as his husband smoothes the cool shaving cream over his face, across his jaw, on his cheeks, and above and below his lips "oh no," taehyung drawls dryly, voice devoid of all inflection and his face close enough for yoongi to feel his exhales against his face.
"i am shaving my husband’s face with my piss."
yoongi almost snorts out loud before he schools his face and rolls his eyes.
for some bizarre reason, out of all possible things, taehyung’s bag of toiletries had made its way onto their lifeboat.
most of the items in it were useless, hairsprays and face packs that taehyung had packed for the trip.
but some of them had proven to be essential, like the sunscreen and moisturizer and apparently the shaving kit now.
never in his life did yoongi ever imagine taehyung would be shaving his face in the middle of the pacific ocean while sharks and jellyfish swam under their boat.
their survival manual had instructed them to build a routine to bring some normalcy to their lives, to keep themselves busy by doing things that required little exertion.
and most of their days are spent on little mundane things like cleaning their boat and its equipment, distilling seawater in solar stills, fishing for dinner, keeping watch for land or rescuers, singing, and competing to see who could come up with the worst puns.
at night, they would lie down and face the sky, and taehyung would guide yoongi’s outstretched arm to point at stars and constellations as he told the stories behind their names.
he had a way of telling stories that made them funny and entertaining, and made yoongi feel like he probably wouldn’t mind staying like that forever, afloat in the middle of the black ocean with no anchor but taehyung’s hand to hold onto.
taehyung tilts yoongi’s head to the side with a firm but tender force before he places the razor on the swell of his cheek and shaves the stubble that had grown there.
he works silently, and for a long time, it’s just the sound of the wind whipping against the canvas of the rainwater catcher, the slide of the blade against yoongi’s skin, and the occasional splash of water as the razor is dipped into the bucket.
after all these years, taehyung’s proximity still makes yoongi stiff.
even with vision, a non-verbal taehyung used to make him anxious.
now, with no way of knowing what expression taehyung is wearing, the silence and proximity makes yoongi swallow hard in his constricted throat.
when he finishes, taehyung cleans yoongi’s face with a cool, soft cloth.
yoongi expects him to pull away, but for a long strained moment, taehyung remains where he is, kneeling between yoongi’s thighs and his soft exhales fanning against yoongi’s damp cheeks.
"you know," taehyung starts, voice low and tight and close, and yoongi can tell that he’s being cautious with his words, like he knows he’s going to say something yoongi might not like.
a sensation sizzles down yoongi’s spine when taehyung’s fingers gently come to caress his jaw.
"your eyes, they’re still brown."
all air escapes yoongi, and his mouth parts open, throat constricting wetly.
he doesn’t know what expression his face is wearing, but the impact must’ve shown on it because both of taehyung’s hands come to hold his face, cupping it between them, and yoongi suddenly feels so transparent.
"yoongi-yah," taehyung says so lovingly, and yoongi only feels his tears when they slide down his cheeks.
in the hospital, words like ‘traumatic optic neuropathy’ and ‘functional optical cells’ and 'uninhibited neural pathways' had been tossed around, but yoongi had not cared about them when all they translated into was a cemented blackness behind his pupils.
appearances do not matter to the blind, but the accident had flipped his entire world upside down, and to know that his eyes–his useless, fucking eyes—look no different than before, when it feels like almost all of yoongi is a different person now.
taehyung’s thumbs wipe the wetness from his face, and yoongi protests when his husband pulls him forward into an embrace.
it is of no use.
taehyung is stronger and more stubborn than him, and when yoongi falls into his lap, taehyung’s arms wrap around his waist, much too close for yoongi’s comfort.
he feels seen, and it’s so cruelly unfair because yoongi cannot see him at all.
"you’re beautiful," taehyung tells him, his voice steady with a determination that tells yoongi he’ll fight him if yoongi makes even a sound of disagreement.
yoongi doesn’t know how to respond to it.
in the past few months, taehyung has taken to openly declaring these kinds of things, not that he didn’t do it before, but he does it even more now.
and yoongi still hasn’t grown accustomed to it.
partly because it doesn’t feel honest.
"you don’t believe me," taehyung says when yoongi remains quiet.
"you think i’m lying?"
he does.
but yoongi really doesn’t want to go through this.
he doesn’t have the energy for it.
"taehyung, it’s fine—" he starts tiredly.
"no, it isn’t," taehyung cuts him off, and yoongi presses his lips into a firm line.
this is heading towards a very familiar family of arguments where taehyung is stubbornly, desperately, full of love, and yoongi is full of thorns and scalding truths.
"seeing you like this hurts me," taehyung continues softly, "i wish you would see yourself the way i do."
"you wish i would see myself the way you do," yoongi repeats, deadpan.
"you know what i mean."
he doesn’t.
there are seawater boils threatening to burst out of the skin on his wrists and forearms.
his face is sunburnt and dirty.
his shirt hangs over his bony frame, torn at three different places, and his pants are stuck to the dried blood on his knee where he’d scraped it on the night of the wreck.
the stench of fish and salt clings to him persistently, and yoongi can't think of a single part of him that feels worthy of taehyung’s words.
"i don’t," he says honestly, a little irritated that taehyung won’t drop it.
"i don’t understand why you insist on doing this."
for a long moment, there is no reply from taehyung’s end, and just when yoongi suspects that his husband will finally drop it, taehyung straightens and pulls yoongi closer to him.
"okay, so here’s what we’re going to do.
we’re going to sit here—" taehyung holds yoongi tighter against him for emphasis, like he thinks yoongi will fight him, "and i’m going to tell you all the things i love and admire about you, and you can tell me what hangups you have about them, and then together, we can dissect those."
"do i even get a choice in this matter?"
yoongi is exhausted, but is also very well acquainted with a taehyung on a mission and knows how little protesting helps.
"nope."
yoongi doesn’t need to see him to know the smug smile taehyung is wearing.
"i’m going to prove to you how stupid you are."
"doesn’t that go against like, the whole integrity of this exercise?"
"no.
you’re incredibly smart most of the time, but you’re being excessively stupid right now.
hence, the intervention."
yoongi rolls his eyes, but doesn’t interrupt.
"okay, i’ll start simply.
hyung, you’re beautiful.
your eyes, your nose, your lips, cheeks, everything.
all of you is beautiful, and i could honestly kiss you for hours.
if you fight me on this, i am not kidding, i will toss you to the sharks."
yoongi grits his teeth.
he feels taehyung’s eyes bore holes into the front of his face, and for a moment, he wants to resist, be recalcitrant about the whole thing.
it feels absurd.
the past two weeks have been absurd, and yoongi feels like he’s lost a little of his mind already.
part of him doesn’t want to do this at all because he doesn’t want to fight with taehyung, because he’s certain that that is what will happen if they talk about feelings, but part of him is also so close to giving up altogether.
they’re stranded in the middle of the pacific ocean, and yoongi doesn’t know how long they can keep up this sense of normalcy.
each night, he carves a line onto the back of the boat, one line for each day that they survive, and there are fifteen of them already.
his hope has steadily been waning, and fuck if taehyung wants to talk about feelings, then fine, they’ll talk about feelings.
"it’s—" he starts and clenches his teeth.
yoongi is the kind who will dissect and pick apart things inside his head for days.
he’s good at introspection, but between the two of them, taehyung is the one more comfortable with verbal expressions of his emotions.
"you tell me nice things, and i believe you.
i know you aren’t lying.
but it doesn’t feel real to me.
it doesn’t fit the reality i know."
"why doesn’t it feel real?"
the truth is, yoongi knows and believes taehyung’s sincerity.
he doesn’t doubt that, never did.
he knows that taehyung truly cherishes him.
that all of the bitterness that festers inside yoongi’s lungs is rooted in his own insecurities and misgivings.
but even knowing that doesn’t rid him of them.
"it’s more than my appearance," yoongi gets out, "it’s–" it’s the persistent gnawing awareness at the back of his head.
the reminder of their diminishing supplies.
of the fact that his mere existence is making things difficult for taehyung right now.
where the supplies would last taehyung alone another two weeks, because of yoongi, they’d only last him a week more at most.
taehyung pretends to go to sleep around the same time as yoongi, but yoongi knows that he lies.
that he stays up longer and wakes up earlier to keep a lookout for predators or rescuers or land.
yoongi is entirely useless in that regard.
he can’t even tell day from night.
taehyung is the one who catches fish for the both of them.
he’s the one forcing cheer and hope into both of them.
and perhaps, the hardest part of it all is knowing that what is keeping yoongi alive is also killing taehyung.
that his husband would live longer if yoongi was dead.
yoongi is a deadweight to taehyung at best.
"i don’t feel beautiful.
i feel fucking useless," he grits out, and before taehyung can interrupt him, yoongi goes on, "i know you don’t think that i’m a burden, but be honest, it’s true.
i need help with the most basic of things, like this—" yoongi gestures towards his face wildly.
"there’s nothing attractive about a grown-ass man needing to be babysat.
and there’s no way that i could’ve survived this on my own—" "and you think i could?"
taehyung snaps, anger brimming under his words.
"you don’t honestly think that i could’ve lived through the past weeks by myself, do you?"
yoongi doesn’t reply.
he hears taehyung take a steadying breath.
"hyung," taehyung says, "the only reason i was able to get through these days was because i had you with me.
you’re the reason i don’t give up hope.
i can’t give it up.
and i don’t think that relying on somebody makes you any lesser of yourself.
i won’t invalidate your struggle.
i know it’s difficult.
which actually brings me to the second thing i wanted to say."
taehyung leans forward and rests his head on yoongi’s shoulder, twisting it so yoongi feels his words directly against his ear.
"yoongi, you’re the strongest person i know."
when taehyung feels yoongi struggle against his hold, he tightens his arms around yoongi’s torso till the whistle dangling from taehyung’s neck digs painfully against yoongi’s clavicle.
"it’s true.
you refuse to acknowledge it, but i won’t.
you think i don’t notice how much you struggled to reopen your legal practice?
you think none of our friends see it?
you’re fiercely independent, and i know how much you hate having me help you with things like this, but i wish you’d realise that it doesn’t make me think any less of you.
before everything else, i wish you’d stop thinking that you have to prove yourself worthy of my affection.
that you have to prove yourself worthy of your own affection and respect.
it kills me when you put yourself down like this."
dimly, yoongi is aware of the streaks of wetness trailing down his face, and he doesn’t resist when taehyung pulls back and shifts so he can lean in.
yoongi instinctively closes his eyes when he feels taehyung’s lips press against his own.
"i love you," taehyung whispers when they part, noses still touching.
"i loved you before as you were, and i love you as you are now.
i will love you always, and it’s best you get that inside your skull soon, min yoongi, because once we get out of here, i’m going to be romancing the hell out of my husband of three years whether he likes it or not."
that pulls a wet laugh out of yoongi, and he feels taehyung smile against his lips as well.
he doesn’t know how to express himself with words, he’s had quite enough of them already, so he pulls taehyung into another kiss, and taehyung readily complies.
he holds yoongi tight in his arms, leaving no room for the anger in yoongi’s chest.
it’s okay, everything’s going to be okay, he promises into their kiss.
and enfolded in the tender cradle of taehyung’s body, yoongi chooses to believe him.
yoongi should be surprised when he spots a dark figure leaning against the corner of the dimly-lit secluded street, but yoongi is tired.
he is tired and he can’t bring himself to care when namjoon silently treads after him after yoongi deliberately walks past him, ignoring his presence until namjoon coughs into his hand and draws yoongi’s attention away from the lock he’s struggling with.
if namjoon sees the way yoongi’s fingers can’t seem to open the door to his house because of the tremors that rarely leave him these days, he doesn’t comment on it.
instead, he drops the cigarette he’d been chewing on, crushing it under the heel of his boot.
and yoongi eyes him with a mix of exhaustion and irritation.
he doesn’t know what namjoon wants from him, but he already knows that he wants no part in it.
he wants to be left alone, wants his hands to stop fucking shaking so he can get the damn door to open and slam it shut in namjoon’s face.
but namjoon must read his thoughts because he takes a step forward, coming close enough for his shadow to engulf yoongi, and it’s probably the first time yoongi has ever gotten a good look at his face.
they’ve never been close, only barely even classifying as acquaintances, yet namjoon looms over him, so close that yoongi has to lift his chin to meet his eyes, and he can’t trample down the instinctive twinge of fear he feels fast enough.
"yoongi," namjoon says lowly even though they’re the only two people on this damned street.
but they both know better than to believe that.
"you haven’t been sleeping," he says as if he’s making a revolutionary fucking observation.
yoongi’s lip stiffly curls at the corner.
"brilliant deduction, doctor," he says dryly, looking away from namjoon's knowing eyes and shaking the lock until it finally falls away, "now if you’re done with the health check-up, you can very kindly fuck off."
he very much intends to walk past the tall man into the darkness of his home, but namjoon grabs him by the shoulder and yoongi stills.
"i do not intend to cross you, yoongi.
and i can tell when my presence is not welcome, but i won’t take much of your time.
i only came here to deliver something to you."
yoongi eyes him warily while namjoon pulls out what looks like an envelope from the breast pocket of his trench coat.
"i was instructed to hand this to you.
taehyung gave it to me a few days before he..."
namjoon’s lips stiffen at the corner and his deliberate silence doesn’t need to be filled.
the words hang heavy in the air, and this time it’s impossible to miss the way yoongi’s hand shakes when he pulls the envelope from namjoon’s fingers.
it’s unexpectedly thick, but yoongi isn’t surprised.
his husband was quite the talker, and yoongi can only imagine what he’s written to him.
he has dozens of his letters from back when yoongi was still a cadet and taehyung the wide-eyed assistant of a train conductor.
despite his boyish naivety, taehyung had a charm to him.
he used to smile a lot more then, grinned so foolishly each time he saw yoongi, it made yoongi’s heart melt a little in his chest.
he always had so much to say, yoongi figured he’d been told to shut up quite often when he was a kid, but yoongi found it charming, felt his bastard of a heart betray him each time taehyung brought yoongi’s knuckles to his lips and pretended he was some dazzling prince.
"i’ll leave you with it," namjoon’s voice jolts yoongi out of his thoughts, and he looks up at the doctor whose eyes feel more intrusive than he’d like.
yoongi’s never been fond of the man, granted he never liked most of taehyung’s "friends," but there’s always been something especially peculiar about namjoon.
nothing necessarily malicious, but something clinical, an academic curiosity that travelled beyond what yoongi would consider humane.
"thank you," yoongi murmurs, grateful despite his reservations.
he’s already clutching the letter tightly in his fingers; taehyung’s last words to him, yoongi wonders what they’d be.
a love letter?
a warm note of his sincere affection?
their late days weren’t as full of that as yoongi now wishes they’d been.
they loved each other, there wasn’t a sliver of doubt about that in yoongi’s mind, but they argued relentlessly regardless.
their ideologies, their beliefs, they clashed too often, and despite both of them wanting the best for each other, they still found themselves engaged in screaming matches for days on end.
if yoongi knew things would end the way they did, so abruptly and cruelly, he wonders what he’d have done.
if he had a chance to speak to taehyung again, what would he have said?
what would taehyung say to him?
yoongi will find out soon enough.
namjoon’s hand squeezes yoongi’s shoulder as if in reassurance, but yoongi’s bones feel hollow.
even the littlest of forces feels like it would crush them to splinters.
"if you want to seek us, you know where to find us," namjoon murmurs, voice dipping low, and yoongi finds himself nodding briefly even though he doubts it.
"i know we aren’t close, but taehyung means a lot to all of us too.
if anyone understands your pain right now, it’s us."
yoongi would laugh at his fucking face, but he simply shrugs namjoon’s hand off his shoulder.
he’s tired and his throat is closing in painfully tight painfully quickly.
"if you’ll excuse me now," he whispers, voice thicker than he wants it to be.
"of course."
namjoon dips his head in lieu of a goodbye.
when yoongi slips inside his house and slams the door shut behind him, his knees finally give away.
he slides down the door, letter clutched in his fingers and his forehead pressed against his knees, the first sob of the night escaping his throat and echoing in the empty house.
an hour later, yoongi sits cross-legged in front of the fireplace, a bundle of what appears to be approximately forty lined white pages trapped together by a clip on the top left corner, all filled from top to bottom in taehyung’s familiar penmanship.
the letters slope forward, and yoongi is reminded of an inane memory of taehyung being convinced that a man's handwriting is the teller of his personality.
he feels his lips stretching into an involuntary smile despite himself and finally places his glasses on his nose as he holds the papers lower so the light from the fire illuminates its writing.
squeezing his eyes shut, he allows himself one shaky breath before he pulls them open and begins to read: min yoongi, the love of my life, i have been preparing to write this letter to you for days, but now that i am, i am so impossibly terrified.
you must be confused, no there’s no doubt about it.
this letter will be delivered to you a week after my passing, and i cannot imagine what the past few days must have been like.
i wish i could take it all from you, love.
i wish there was something i could do, to lessen your ache even by a fraction, and to know that i’m the reason for it all— yoongi grips the paper harder.
the next few words are illegible, the ink smudged no doubt from taehyung’s own tears, and yoongi grazes his thumb across the wrinkled paper, feeling his chest tighten with a familiar ache.
he swallows down the lump in his tight throat and reads on.
i wish i could apologise, but i do not even deserve that.
i don’t deserve to ask for your forgiveness.
but i do request that you hear me out, that you read what i am about to tell you very carefully.
as we both knew already, i was going to die.
we never spoke of it, but merely closing our eyes and sealing our mouths shut does not make the truth disappear.
it was inevitable.
we both knew it.
when i lost my legs and was trapped to this bed, it felt like i’d already died my first death.
namjoon visited me on one such afternoon.
you used to insist on staying with me, but i always pushed you away.
we fought so much, and you never once raised your voice at me.
i felt like a child.
you fed me, clothed me, helped me wash myself, and i’ve never despised myself so much.
you never lost your patience yet i continued to grow bitter.
i pushed you away because i could not see you wasting your life on me.
i felt like a burden was lonely.
i am lonely.
i am lonely and tired, and this body, it no longer makes me feel alive.
i am wasting away, and looking at you spending all that energy, all that love on something like me—i say a thing because i no longer feel like a person—i have never hated anything more in my life.
please do not misunderstand my intent, i am not writing this to inflict guilt upon you.
i would never wish for such a thing.
i merely need you to understand my state of mind at the time to make you understand why i did what i did.
namjoon visited me, and he had this look on his face.
i knew he’d come to me with a proposal, and he wasn’t certain how i’d receive it.
i was proven true when after some idle chit-chat, namjoon tried to casually ease into what was the true purpose behind his visit.
i say tried, but he was so obvious about it.
anyway, he began to tell me about a doctor’s journal he’d managed to get his hands on a few months ago.
"it is quite gruesome," he began, and coming from namjoon, i had to believe that it was.
"the doctor is dead now i believe.
but that isn’t significant.
it is his journal that is fascinating.
he writes about an experiment where the head of a dog is completely severed from its body, but its blood supply is being maintained through the arteries and veins by means of an artificial heart.
and here this: the dog’s head remains alive.
its brain remains capable of functioning.
the doctor proved it by running several tests, like when food was smeared across the dog’s lips, its tongue would come out and lick it away.
its eyes would follow the people around in the room.
it was alive."
"it was alive," i echoed, and i could gather a vague picture of what was being proposed to me.
"it seems reasonable to conclude that the head and the brain do not need to be attached to the rest of the body to remain alive provided, of course, that a supply of properly oxygenated blood is maintained."
namjoon then dragged a chair beside my bed and seated himself on it.
at this distance, i could see the way his eyes gleamed with glee.
"now, after reading that, the obvious question in my mind was to know whether removing the brain from the skull of a human and keeping it alive and functioning as an independent unit for an unlimited period of time was possible."
i didn’t like it.
i didn’t like the growing excitement in namjoon’s voice.
i didn’t like the way he leaned over me as if he was sharing a wondrous discovery while i was feeling quite ill at the thought of it.
"i’ve been working on it quietly for the past few months.
a couple of others have been helping me out, but we’ve all kept quiet about it.
the doctor provided instructions on how to build this machine that supplies the blood to the brain, and we’ve completed a number of successful trials with animals, but i believe we’re ready now to operate on a human.
from the surgical point of view, it doesn’t seem to me why it should be any more or less practicable."
namjoon grew silent after that.
it was as if he was expecting me to jump at his thinly veiled proposition, but i did no such thing of course.
namjoon sighed then, and suddenly he looked a lot more somber than he had the entire evening.
"you’re going to die," he said to me.
the first time somebody had spoken it out loud.
"i’ve seen cases like this before.
this illness, it’s going to spread across your entire body.
it’s taken your legs but it’s not done yet.
it’s going to grow, and it’s going to consume all of you unless you do something about it.
unless you let me do something about it."
i watched him silently.
he was right.
i was going to die.
nobody could contest that.
"have you considered," i started, "that i would, in fact, not be alive after you’ve performed whatever it is you say you wish to perform on me?"
"why would you say that?"
"you say you’d keep my brain wet with blood, but would i be alive?"
namjoon’s eyebrows crinkled with confusion.
he was a man of science so i didn’t expect him to understand right away.
"is all our life contingent on the existence of our brain?
are we purely physical beings?
have you considered our death is not merely the death of our physical bodies, but something non-physical as well?"
that cleared namjoon’s confusion.
"you mean, like, souls?
i never pegged you for somebody who believes in that sort of stuff."
"i don't," i huffed out, "or well i didn’t, not in any manner serious enough.
but you reach close enough to the doors of death like i have, and you too would start to wonder about all kinds of strange things."
"alright, that's fair.
i understand your reservations.
we can talk through this.
tell me, what reason do you have to posit the existence of souls?
or any immaterial entity for that matter."
"corpses.
they have all the necessary physical parts but you don’t see dead men walking around, do you?"
"yes, but nor do radios.
the parts need to not only exist, but they have to be functioning correctly for the body to perform its activities.
you take a radio and you throw it on the ground.
it stops working.
now, all the necessary parts are there, but they’re broken.
they aren’t functioning like they need to.
or would you say that the radio had a soul that resided inside it previously and allowed it to play music?
no, right?
the same way, our bodies die because our brain is not functioning like it needs to in order for us to be alive.
the brain is a peculiarly self supporting object.
it manufactures its own cerebrospinal fluid, and the processes of thought and memory which go on inside it are not impaired by the absence of limbs or torso, provided, as i say; that you keep pumping the right kind of oxygenated blood under the right conditions."
"but we are not like a radio.
we are more than mere machines."
"are we?"
"yes!
we do more than just what we're commanded to do!
we are built with reasoning capacity, with thoughts and reflections and desires and goals!
we don’t act in arbitrary fashion, we act purposefully.
we have beliefs and desires, things mere machines don’t."
that made namjoon pause and lean back in his seat.
"you’re right," he said, "a lightbulb has no desire to burn its tungsten, but that argument only goes as far as simple machines.
do you remember when jimin visited the third district last year?"
"what about it?"
"a few guys up there were building a machine that would be able to play chess," namjoon told me.
"chess," i echoed incredulously.
"yes, it may seem far-fetched to us, but imagine a machine like that.
say you move your bishop, and the machine moves its queen to trap the bishop.
would it not be natural to ascribe the desire of winning to the machine?
it’s got the ultimate desire to win the game and other supplementary goals of protecting its king, of capturing the opponent’s king.
it’s got beliefs about reaching its goals by blocking certain paths and moves.
it then amalgamates these desires, goals, and beliefs into action by making a move that is the rational response to its opponent’s move.
it seems natural to say then that the machine does have desires and beliefs, and that it does reason."
"but it doesn’t."
"how so?"
"sure, if a machine like this were to exist, it would be acting towards a goal.
it may seem like it’s got desires of its own, but it’s only behaving as such.
it’s only got, for the sake of this discussion let’s call it the "behavioral" aspect of the desire.
it doesn’t feel the emotions that led to the formation of the desire.
at the end of the day, it’s still following a chain of commands.
winning the game is not its own will.
it hasn’t got free will."
"and because we have free will, we must not be purely physical beings?"
"yes.
all physical beings are subject to determinism, and no object bound by deterministic laws can have free will.
therefore, there must be something more to us than the physical."
"it's a good argument."
namjoon smiled, but before i could respond, he held up three fingers in front of me.
"but for it to work, you need all three premises to be true."
namjoon brought down the first finger.
"first, that we have free will."
namjoon brought down his second finger.
"second being that nothing subject to determinism can have free will.
and for what it’s worth, i don’t myself believe that either of them are false."
then the third finger came down.
"but for the argument to be sound, you need its third premise to be true as well, and i'm not quite sure that that is the case.
'all physical systems are subject to determinism.' now this could be true, but a lot of recent empirical evidence gathered by scientists has started to suggest that the fundamental laws of physics governing this universe are in fact not deterministic, but probabilistic.
for example, say we have a radioactive atom that has an eighty percent chance it’ll break down in the next twenty four hours, and a twenty percent chance that it won’t.
you collect a bunch of these atoms, and eighty percent of them break down and twenty percent don’t.
now, according to the standard interpretation of quantum mechanics, there’s no underlying causal explanation for why that happens, why the atoms that broke down did break down and why those that didn’t break down didn’t.
determinism claims that if you set up the atoms exactly the same way, they've always got to break down, right?
but the answer, according to the standard interpretation of quantum mechanics, is that that’s not how it works.
all there is to say is that some of these atoms are going to break down and some won't.
so determinism isn’t true at least at the level of fundamental physics.
which gives way to the possibility that all purely physical systems are not deterministic, and that it is possible for us to have free will and be a purely physical being at the same time."
it was difficult to argue against that so i sighed and leaned back against my bed.
"fine," i conceded, "say you’re right and we’re entirely physical beings and keeping my brain alive is all there is to it.
but i honestly still think that it’s pointless.
what possible use is there in keeping my brain alive?
i won’t be able to talk or see or hear or feel a thing.
personally, i can’t think of a more unpleasant scenario."
"actually, i believe that we’ll be able to provide you with a certain amount of vision, but let us take this slowly.
i’ll explain the surgery to you in detail.
but before that, the fact still remains: you’re going to die fairly soon whatever happens, and if there’s anything i can do about it, i am."
"seems to me," i drawled, "there'd be some doubts as to whether i were dead or alive by the time you'd be finished with me."
namjoon laughed out loud and nodded his head in agreement before he stood up again and walked over to the window across the room.
"i suppose you’re right about that.
but i don't think you ought to turn me down quite so quickly before you know a bit more about it."
trying to stop namjoon was futile and i knew it so i didn’t bother.
as much as i disliked it, i must admit the idea intrigued me, at least on some superficial level.
"go on.
it is not as if i could come over there and stop you."
namjoon twisted around and quirked an eyebrow at me like he was coming to some kind of conclusion in his mind, but whatever it was, he didn’t say.
instead, he pulled out his case of cigarettes and plucked one out, placing it between his lips before he fetched a tiny silver lighter from the pocket of his trousers to light the stick.
"at the very moment of your death," he began after exhaling a mouthful of smoke, and i idly watched it rise up into the air till it dissipated.
"i would have to be standing close by so that i’d be able to step in immediately and try to keep your brain alive."
"you mean leaving it in the head?"
"to start with, yes.
i’d have to."
"and where will it be afterwards?"
"if you want to know, in a kind of basin."
"you’re serious?"
"certainly i am."
for a brief moment, i felt the absurdity of the discussion bubble up at the back of my throat, but i swallowed the sourness back down.
that i was even entertaining the thought was ridiculous in itself, but there was no point in bringing attention to it at that point.
"alright, go on."
"as you already know, when the heart stops working and the brain is deprived of its blood and oxygen, its tissues die very rapidly.
anything between four to six minutes and the whole thing's dead.
even after three minutes you may suffer some substantial amount of damage.
so i’d have to work very rapidly to prevent that from happening.
however, with the help of the machine, it shouldn’t be too difficult.
do you know anything about the vascular arrangement of the brain?"
"no."
"okay, listen to me carefully then.
the brain gets its blood supply from two main sources: the internal carotid arteries and the vertebral arteries.
there are two of each, making them four arteries in total.
got that?"
"yes."
"the return system is even simpler.
the blood is drained via two large veins, the internal jugulars.
so you have four arteries going up and two veins coming down.
around the brain itself they naturally branch out into other channels, but those don't concern us.
we’d never touch them."
namjoon pulled the cigarette from his mouth, holding it between two of his fingers and pointing it at me.
"now imagine you’ve just died."
"exciting."
"you’ve just died," namjoon continued, unconcerned.
"and i would immediately cut open your neck and locate the four arteries, the carotids and the vertebrals.
i would then perfuse them, which means i’ll basically stick a large hollow needle into each one of them.
these needles would be connected to the artificial heart via tubes.
then working quickly, i would dissect both the left and right jugular veins and hook them up to the machine as well to complete the circuit, and there you are, the circulation to your brain would be restored."
"i’d be like that dog."
"i don’t think you would.
you’d certainly lose consciousness when you die, and i don’t think you’d regain it for quite some time.
but either way, conscious or not, you’d be in a rather interesting position, don’t you think?
a living brain inside a dead body."
it sounded like a frightful nightmare.
but the excitement was evident in namjoon’s voice, and i don’t think he noticed that i didn’t share it.
it was as if he was unable to imagine why anybody would not feel the same entrancement that he did.
"we could now afford to take our time," he said.
"and believe me, we’d need it.
we’d first wheel you to the operating room, accompanied by your heart of course.
it must never stop pumping.
and the next problem would then be to remove your brain from your dead body, undamaged and intact.
the body is of no use at this point.
in fact, it’s already begun to decay."
i stared at the ceiling just to look away from namjoon for some time.
the unease had begun to crawl in finally.
the conversation had finally departed from the realm of the detached, and it didn’t feel so much like a hypothetical anymore.
it made my stomach tighten with a foreboding sense of horror, and i watched the white plaster and the fan slowly making its circles as namjoon continued to describe with a discomforting clinicality what he was going to do to me.
"the skull and the face would be useless too.
they’d both be hindrances, and i don’t want them around.
all i want is the brain.
so when i get you on the table, i will take a small oscillating saw and proceed to remove the whole vault of your skull.
you'd still be unconscious at that point so i wouldn't need to bother with the anaesthetic."
that had my head snapping back down to meet namjoon’s gaze.
"like hell you wouldn’t."
"you just died a few minutes ago.
you’d be out cold, i promise you."
"nobody’s sawing off the top of my skull without an anaesthetic," i said.
for one brief moment, namjoon parted his lips as if to argue, but then he closed it again and shrugged his shoulders, probably realising that it wasn’t worth the fight.
"doesn’t make a difference to me.
i’d be glad to infuse your whole head from neck up with procaine if that’s what you want."
"thank you."
"it’s funny though," namjoon began, "just last week a patient was brought to me unconscious, and i opened his head without any anaesthetic at all.
i was still working inside the skull, trying to remove a small blood clot, when he woke up and began talking to me as if nothing was wrong.
he couldn’t feel a thing, and the next day he held no recollection of the incident when i asked him about it.
the brain is truly a funny thing."
"i’ll have the procaine," i told him pointedly.
"as you wish, taehyung-ah."
namjoon rolled his eyes.
"now, where was i?
yes, i'd take the oscillating saw and detach your calvarium completely.
this would expose the top half of the brain, or rather the outer covering within which the brain is wrapped."
namjoon slowly strided back to the bedside where he’d dragged his chair to sit beside me.
he seated himself in it again and leaned over me to knock his knuckle against my temple.
i flinched back, and namjoon grinned.
"you may not know this but our brains have three separate coverings: the dura mater, the arachnoid, and the pia mater.
most people believe that the brain just floats around naked inside the skull, but it’s actually wrapped up nicely inside these three membranes, and the cerebrospinal fluid flows between the pia mater and the arachnoid.
now, i myself would leave these three coverings intact for several important reasons, one of them being that within the dura run the venous channels that drain the blood from the brain into the jugular veins."
namjoon took a pause and leaned back in his chair.
his face wasn’t as unconcerned as before.
his eyebrows knitted together in the center and his lips pressed together in a fine line.
"the next few steps are trickier.
we’d have to lift the whole brain cleanly, and this would mean chipping away a whole lot of bone, severing many nerves, and cutting and tying numerous blood vessels.
the only way i could perform it with any hope of success would be by taking a rongeur and slowly biting off the rest of your skull until the underneath of the brain covering is fully exposed.
the problems involved are highly technical so i won't go into them, but i feel fairly confident that it can be done.
it's simply a matter of surgical skill and patience.
and i'd have plenty of time since the artificial heart would be pumping away alongside the operating-table and keeping the brain alive.
now, say that i’m able to successfully do that, your brain only remains connected to the body by the spinal column.
i would need to sever the spinal column just above the first cervical vertebra.
the dura mater is open at this place to receive the spinal cord so i’d have to sew it shut.
there’d be no problem there, and after that we’d finally be able to move the brain to a basin which would be filled with what we call the ringer’s solution.
it’s a fluid used for irrigation in neurosurgery."
namjoon stared at me with a wide grin, his arms spread wide open and his fingers splayed out, like he was a gameshow host presenting me with the first prize.
"so there you go, your brain would then be in the basin, still alive, and there doesn’t seem to be any reason why it shouldn’t remain like that for years to come if we took care of the blood and the machine."
"but would it function?"
i asked him skeptically, and namjoon’s smile fell.
"i’m afraid there’s no way i can tell for certain.
i don’t even know whether you’d regain consciousness or not."
"and if i did?"
"then wouldn’t it be wonderful?"
"would it?"
"of course!
you’d have all your cognitive faculties about you as well as your memory and—" "and not be able to see, hear, talk, feel or move.
yes, very wonderful indeed."
"ah!"
namjoon exclaimed suddenly.
"i knew i had forgotten something.
i never told you about the eye.
i am going to try to leave one of your optic nerves intact, as well as the eye itself.
the optic nerve is not a nerve really, it’s the outpouching of the brain itself and the dura mater extends along the length of it and is attached to the eyeball.
it all suits my purpose very well and makes it reasonable to suppose that i could succeed in preserving one of your eyes."
"wonderful.
how about leaving me an ear as well?"
"no, no that would not be possible."
"why not?
i want an ear," i said.
"i insist upon an ear."
"you don’t understand how difficult it would be."
namjoon said gently.
"the mechanism of the ear is much more delicate than that of the eye.
its hearing apparatus, the cochlea, is encased in bone.
as is the auditory nerve that is connected to the brain.
i couldn’t possibly chisel out the whole thing intact."
"couldn’t you leave it encased in the bone and bring it to the basin?"
"no," namjoon said firmly.
"this thing is complicated enough already.
you really must leave it to me to decide what is feasible and what is not."
"i haven’t actually said that i’d do it, you know."
"yes i know, taehyung."
"and i’m not quite sure that i fancy the idea."
"would you rather be dead instead?"
"perhaps i would."
at that namjoon’s eyes narrowed.
he stood up from his chair and sat on the bed beside me.
"do you truly believe that?"
he asked me.
i met his gaze and there was that hardness in them, the one that spoke of everything he’d seen in his career and his life.
"tell me," i said to him, feeling the question on my tongue.
it had been there for a while.
"why do you care so much about keeping me alive?"
the way namjoon’s jaw tightened told me that the question was not unanticipated.
"of course i care.
you’re our leader—" "but is my life any more important than any other fighter?"
i cut him off.
namjoon fell silent.
for a few moments, neither of us spoke.
the silence was heavy with the weight of unspoken memories.
"don’t you see them?"
i asked namjoon.
"our comrades?"
there was not a day that went by when i didn’t feel them breathing down my neck like cold damp ghosts pressed against my back.
"i led them to their deaths, screaming a whole slew of lies about sacrifice and freedom.
told them to give up their lives for the greater good."
i laughed.
to think they’d listened to a fool like me.
"i see them at night, you know?
they keep asking me what became of the hearts they gave up."
the first tear escaped, and i leaned against the headboard and laughed again.
there’s no doubt that i looked like a maniac, staring at the ceiling like a fucking fool and laughing as i cried.
namjoon didn’t speak a word.
"have i any right to live?
look at me!"
snapping my head back down to meet namjoon’s eyes, i pulled the blanket off my lower half and exposed what savage stubs remained of my legs.
"is this what you want to save?
i killed men!
lied to them right till the end and led them straight to hell!
i am a monster!"
i grabbed namjoon by the front of his shirt and yanked him closer till our noses were nearly an inch apart.
"so don’t fucking tell me i deserve to live any more than they did," i hissed at him.
the surprise had vanished from namjoon’s face.
in its place was a hardness that cemented itself in the lines of his face.
namjoon slowly grabbed my hand by the wrist.
"you’re wrong," he spoke slowly, but certainly.
"no death has been in vain.
don’t you ever fucking say that their sacrifice amounted to nothing.
we’re where we are because of the deaths of those before us, and we’re the ones who give meaning to their lives.
it is the only way we can rebel in this cruel world.
which is why i need you to live.
not because you deserve to live any longer or because i value your life over everybody else’s.
no, but because you’re our leader, and you are to play that monster, that bastard, right until the end, deceiving us to the very end.
you need to live so that we can use you.
that’s all there is to this."
i let go of namjoon’s shirt wordlessly and fell back against the bed, staring at the ceiling once again.
"i’m sorry," namjoon said softly.
"don’t be."
there was a pause as i watched the circling fan blades idly.
i do not know how long the silence stretched but when namjoon spoke again, the quality to his voice was a little different.
more uncertain.
"i have yet to tell you one more thing," he said.
"about my body, i presume?"
"yes."
i had guessed it was something like that.
"initially, jimin and i had come up with a roadmap of sorts.
but we underestimated how fast the illness would spread.
there’s a man up in the third district who’s doing some work in thought communication.
jimin has been in touch with him.
you know how our brain throws off electrical and chemical discharges while thinking?
and that these discharges go out in the form of waves, rather like radio waves?"
"i have some idea."
"well the guy has constructed an apparatus somewhat similar to an ordinary electro-encephalograph, but far more sensitive.
he maintains that, with a few limitations, it can interpret what a brain is thinking.
it produces some kind of a graph which is apparently decipherable into words or thoughts.
i have yet to see it do that, but we thought we could somehow integrate that with sound technology and give you your own voice.
jimin claims he can build you a body and perhaps sensory stimulation in the future.
but your condition has been deteriorating at a rate neither of us anticipated.
so at this point, while we have high hopes for the surgery, the matter of building your body is yet undecided."
"i see."
"i will not lie to you, taehyung.
the operation is rudimentary at best.
there are a lot of pieces to it we are yet to figure out, but we are running out of time.
i know it does not sound reassuring, and you don’t have to answer me immediately."
namjoon pushed himself back on his feet.
"i will let you think it over in your time.
i’ll drop by day after tomorrow and we can discuss this in further detail if you wish."
namjoon had crossed the room and his hand was on the doorknob when i stopped him.
"one last question.
do you yourself truly believe that when all of this is over, when my brain inside that basin, is that still going to be me?"
"i don’t see why not," namjoon said, eyebrows crinkling in question.
"you’re still the same person after losing your legs.
clearly, we are still us even if we lose portions of our body.
which then begs the question: which part of our body is the most essential in the matter of our personal identity?
it would be obvious to suggest the brain, right?
after all, our brain is what is responsible for our cognition, our personality, our beliefs, desires, fears, and memories.
and your brain will remain undamaged.
in fact, it’s completely untouched.
we haven’t even opened the dura mater.
the big difference is that we’ve severed all but one nerve attached to it.
which just means that your thinking will no longer be affected by your senses.
you couldn't possibly feel pain because there wouldn't be any nerves to feel it with.
in a way, it would be an almost ideal condition."
i had a few things to say about how far from ideal it would be, but i was tired.
namjoon left soon after that with promises to drop by the day after the next, and i spent the entire day and night peeling and picking apart the absurd proposition placed before me.
the idea was unarguably repulsive.
it was obscene.
the tremendous helplessness that accompanied it frightened me.
once namjoon put my brain inside that basin, there would be no going back, no way of protesting or revolting.
but at the same time, the more i pondered, the more i began to consider it.
despite its obvious obscenity, i began to see the thought in a different light.
was there not, i asked myself, something comforting in the fact that i could escape death in some form?
that i wouldn’t completely vanish and cease to exist in just a few weeks’ worth of time?
my body was dying.
there was nothing of it worth preserving anymore.
and here, i was being presented with a rare opportunity of getting another chance at life beyond this broken body.
but most of all, there was one salient thought that i now realise was the true tipping point.
i felt a desire to cheat the system.
the very system we’ve been fighting for years.
i felt i could somehow win the awful odds we’d been given.
cheat the corrupt officials and cheat the ministry.
cheat the military and cheat every bloody person who set up this very system designed for us to fail.
for us to die miserably without food or money or sunlight, grovelling at the feet of the higher-ups.
i wanted to defy the death they’d decided for me.
that was the thought that cemented my decision, and i remember feeling much at ease once i’d made it.
i gave namjoon my answer when he dropped by the next time, and i remember how my appetite increased as well in the coming days and you were so shocked and elated.
this happened two months ago.
and i’ve been writing this letter to you for a couple of weeks now.
my strength has waned in this time.
jungkook offered to write for me instead, but i wanted to do it myself.
namjoon, jimin, and i have discussed several things since that day.
they asked me if i was going to tell you, and i told them that i was.
you deserve to know the truth, and i tried to give you as accurate an account of the events that occurred as i could.
i imagine you feel overwhelmed right now, and most likely betrayed for i kept something as big as this from you.
but my intention was never to hurt you; quite the opposite actually.
we’ve fought so much about this, but darling, please, you must know that i only ever want to protect you.
you always tried to help in my matters, but i could never allow you to do that.
you know that.
you got angry when i kept things from you, but i do not wish for you to get caught up in all this.
this entire fucking nation could be burning all the way to hell, and i’d still only protect you.
and this was my way of doing that.
i am telling it to you because you’re my husband and you deserve to know, but i do not wish to involve you in this.
it is my wish that you do not come to look for me.
i know you’ll want to.
you’re still hurt, but you must let it heal.
please.
you must strive to be happy.
and i cannot give you that happiness any longer.
i became unable to do so a long time ago.
so promise me, you must promise that you won’t come looking for me.
please forgive me for asking this of you.
i love you.
you know that, right?
within minutes of meeting you, i knew that my life would never, could never be the same again.
i won’t hide it; i am so unused to being understood, so unused to being seen, but you saw me.
you understood me like no other.
i thought to myself that it must be fate.
it felt like the glass in my eyes was waiting for your reflection, the expanse of my skin waiting for your touch like spring, my mouth parched for yours in a way i did not know myself until i tasted you.
i swear i have never loved before as i love you, to the point of tears and with such brilliance.
you used to tell me that we’re all made of dead stars, and i do not know much about that, but if there’s one thing i know with utmost certainty, it is that darling, you are undeniably other-worldly.
i dreamt of you last night, truly my last one.
you were playing the piano and i was turning the pages for you.
i cried when i woke up.
i am the luckiest bastard to have lived, to have married you, love.
thank you for giving me the chance to have known you, min yoongi.
you are a marvel.
yours, taehyung we’re all made of dead stars, yoongi’s mother always liked to tell him, and it was his favourite story to hear, to know about how they all came to be, how they all began from one tiny fraction that exploded to create everything that they know in the universe.
the first law of thermodynamics, one that yoongi quickly learnt would grow to govern everything in his life, states that matter and energy can neither be created nor destroyed; it simply changes form.
so everything, including their bodies, is created of matter that has been around since 13.8 billion years ago.
and at the beginning, there were only two elements that existed: hydrogen and helium.
but then gravity began to clump together clouds of hydrogen and helium, and stars were born.
the "sun" is one such star.
yoongi’s mother speaks of it fondly.
but unlike his mother, who lived on the earth's surface for a brief time when she was a child, yoongi never saw the sun.
he was born in district 1, the closest their kind can get to the surface, other than the capitol of course.
the capitol is where the rich ministers and aristocrats live, and yoongi’s only heard tales of their opulence, of their gardens, their lush lands and sunlight.
everybody else lives in districts, cities that are built under the ground and stacked atop each other in a vertical arrangement, where district 1 is the richest and the closest to the surface, and the poorest city, district 8, lies at the very bottom.
each district is known for what it primarily exports: district 1 for its gems and alchemy, district 2 for its defense and weaponry, district 3 for its technology, and district 4 for its electricity.
but for all their differences, all districts share the same gruelling fate of no sunlight, little food, and a whole lot of disease.
yoongi was born in an affluent family of alchemists in the first district, and like all who came before him, he was recruited into the military when he turned seventeen.
alchemy is a rare and treasured knowledge, known and passed only within the few chosen families, and theirs is a powerful ancestry of alchemists.
he’s a natural, everybody would gasp and clap their hands, smiles high on their cheeks as they praised yoongi and proclaimed him a prodigy.
but alchemy is hardly an innate talent.
and yoongi knows that better than anybody else.
it is years and years of study and experiments and research culminated by each generation and passed down onto the next heir with a mountain of responsibility to hold up the integrity of the family and keep the state from dissolving them.
dogs of the ministry are what they are called by the rest of the nation, much like how jimin had sneered at yoongi upon their first meeting, teeth bared and derision dripping from his lips, but yoongi doesn’t blame him.
there are people like jimin, like namjoon and like taehyung, who cannot stand the state’s authoritarian oppression and choose to rebel against it, no matter how difficult and impossible it may be.
and then there are people like yoongi, who have been taught to keep their heads down for that is the only way to live a sorrowless life in their world.
rebellion may enchant the idealists, but it only brings misery.
yoongi’s pragmatic mother had drilled that into his head ever since yoongi was four and learnt that his family is powerful only as long as it serves the state.
keep your head down if you don’t want a bullet for a third eye, she used to shake him by the shoulders and hiss at him, and yoongi listened to her.
he studied and trained in the military and fought their wars, wars that the state promised would bring their nation more land and more people would be able to live on the surface.
but after four years of hellfire, the lands naturally went to the piggish ministers sitting in the capitol, so dogs of the ministry, yoongi thinks, is about right.
"140g of sulfur," yoongi mutters lowly as he fetches a few crumpled notes from the pocket of his coat.
it would be much simpler to flash his identification card since all state alchemists’ ingredient expenses are covered by the state.
but cash is the only way to make untraceable purchases in markets like these where no pair of eyes is to be trusted.
the man retreats into his shop to fetch the ingredient, and yoongi feels jimin stiffen beside him with all the alertness of an agitated watchdog.
"how do you know that he isn’t going to alert the authorities right now?"
he mutters under his breath, voice so low it nearly goes unheard in the noise of the rowdy market.
"he has no rational reason to."
yoongi rolls his eyes even though jimin can’t see it under the hood yoongi has pulled over his head.
"several alchemists make dubious purchases they don’t want traced.
if he began to report every underhanded transaction he’s made, he’s going to run out of business."
jimin clicks his tongue, clearly unconvinced, but he relaxes when the man returns with their ingredient.
"100g of saltpeter," yoongi speaks the next item off his list and watches the man’s face carefully for even the most subtle sign of recognition, but the man looks wholly uninterested in everything but the money.
he holds out a palm until yoongi places another note in it before he retreats into the shop again.
water, 35l carbon, 20kg ammonia, 4l lime, 1.5kg phosphorus, 800g salt, 250g sulfur, 140g saltpeter, 100g sodium, 100g chlorine, 95g magnesium, 19g iron, 5g silicon, 3g the ingredients that make up a human body are laughably simple to acquire.
they’re all common purchases that are used in numerous other transmutations, none of them unusual enough to evoke suspicion.
but used together, and yoongi would be committing a taboo of the highest degree.
there were three dictates that he’d had to swear to abide by when he was made a state alchemist.
do not oppose the state, do not create gold, and do not create humans.
but despite what the dictates say, human transmutation has been deemed impossible to execute for centuries.
many alchemists have attempted it in the past, have collected their measurements of what makes up a human body and transmuted those elements to weave together the complex arrangements of nerves, muscles, and bones.
but every experiment resulted in failure.
the bodies born out of those experiments were all inanimate corpses with no "mind" to speak of.
some call it the "soul".
and there is no physical ingredient of a soul, they say, which makes human transmutation a matter of alchemical fiction.
yoongi himself doesn't particularly believe in souls, but he agrees that there is more to the transmutation than simply collecting the physical ingredients that constitute a human body.
human consciousness is a mystery for all known sciences, and nobody has yet come any closer to unveiling it.
one simply cannot recreate a human mind with the technology at hand.
but as yoongi and jimin make their way through the crowd towards the giant steam-powered lifts in the center of the city, he considers namjoon's reckless operation.
up until now, nobody has attempted to preserve the brain that's responsible for the elusive consciousness, and then attempted to build a body around it.
yoongi has no precedent to refer to, has nothing to measure their probability of success against.
the operation is worse than reckless.
it isn’t just thoughtless.
it is cruel.
but yoongi has no other choice.
he is not going to wait for namjoon and jimin to figure out how they’d build taehyung's body out of some metal and junk.
he's not going to sit around doing nothing when he has no idea what state taehyung is in, if he's in pain or if he's even conscious.
the experiment may be risky, but there is no better alternative.
the only other option is that, instead of building him a new body, yoongi writes the transmutation in a manner that he simply transmutes taehyung's corpse back from decay.
it would surely be the simpler task given how taehyung's body already contains all of its parts, but bringing taehyung's corpse back to life would mean bringing his illness back to life too.
yoongi had attempted to cure taehyung's illness countless times in the past.
but each time he healed taehyung's legs, the disease returned with a vengeance.
and after months and months of failure, yoongi and namjoon had to conclude that the illness was rooted in the genetic makeup of taehyung's cells, something yoongi couldn't rewrite, didn't have enough knowledge to study and heal.
which leaves yoongi with the singular option of building taehyung a body from scratch.
when the lift comes to a stop with a jarring jolt, yoongi steadies himself and stiffens his spine as the steam clears and he steps out of the doors and into the stale air of district 4.
most districts look the same, dark and desolate streets patrolled by state officials in black uniforms and blinking taser guns, but yoongi probably likes the fourth district the best.
not that there is anything to like in its daily grind and grit, but it’s perhaps the only one whose spirit hasn’t entirely been crushed by the state.
it’s also the one where yoongi met taehyung for the first time after freshly graduating from the military academy.
district 4 isn’t a state bootlicker like district 2, nor is it a city of elusive elites like district 1.
automated machinery doesn’t populate it like it does in district 3, and it isn’t a dismal wasteland like district 8.
no, in district 4, new state officials grow a habit of looking over their shoulders as the night descends, and civilians are able to go about their lives without having to fear boots against their bones.
district 4 holds the reputation of hoarding the largest resistance group in the nation.
the air here remains steady and just a little bit hopeful, reminding yoongi of life, of growing things, of fight and change and survival, and he can ignore the war—and his role in it—even if it’s just for a little while.
yoongi takes in the darkening cityscape and feels his lips curl up unbidden at the memory of taehyung and him climbing the staircase spiralling around the large water tank; the bite of the cool wind against their skins and taehyung’s dry lips against his own when he proposed, words whispered into yoongi’s mouth and a cold silver band pressed into his palm like a promise of hope.
but that hope comes with a cost, because the state’s security is tighter in district 4 than anywhere else.
jimin and yoongi duck under the cover of the shadows in dark alleys and press their backs against walls as they dodge the guards and catch their breaths urgently.
the curfew wouldn’t be a problem if yoongi was alone, but jimin’s presence would be hard to explain to the guards patrolling the area when nobody called park jimin exists in the city’s database.
so the journey from the lifts to the deserted outskirts of the district ends up taking them four hours to cover, and it’s close to the deepest trenches of the night when they burst through the doors of the abandoned research center that serves as the resistance’s primary laboratory.
jungkook meets them at the doors, but yoongi pushes past him.
because standing at the end of the long, dimly lit hallway is namjoon.
his back is turned towards yoongi, but yoongi would recognise him anywhere, and he has imagined this circumstance far too long and far too often to wait any longer.
he drops the bags of his purchases and stalks towards the man.
jimin must’ve caught on because he calls out yoongi’s name from behind, and namjoon twists around at the sound.
his eyes widen at the sight of yoongi, but it’s too late, and before he can think to move or think to orient himself differently, yoongi’s fist is meeting the front of namjoon’s nose with a loud satisfying crack.
there’s a scramble of feet and shouts behind him, but yoongi grabs namjoon by his lab coat and gets to plummet another punch into his bloodied face before arms wrap themselves around yoongi’s torso and yank him away from namjoon.
namjoon falls to his knees, palms cradling his bloody nose, and yoongi snarls at him despite the arms pulling at him to further the distance between the two of them.
"calm down!
you need to calm down," jimin hisses into his ear, clearly the owner of the strong arms around yoongi’s ribs.
"this won’t help anything.
we need to work together."
yoongi rams an elbow into jimin’s stomach, and jimin wheezes, gasping and coughing as yoongi pushes himself out of his hold.
"work together?"
he sneers, swerving around to stare first at jimin, and then at namjoon who is pressing one palm against his bleeding nose and holding the other in the air towards jungkook, who looks one moment away from pouncing atop yoongi as well.
yoongi lets out a sardonic laugh, and it rings hollow in the empty building.
"that’s rich coming from the lot of you."
"it was taehyung’s wish to not involve you in this operation."
namjoon slowly pushes himself off the floor, and yoongi has to grit his teeth and trample down the urge to kick the man back down there.
"but you didn’t agree, did you?"
he hisses.
"so you lied to him.
told him that you had no clue about building his body back.
and then you approached me, knowing that there’s no way i could refuse."
"you can refuse.
if you choose not to involve yourself in this operation, we’ll still go forward.
we have no intention of forcing—" "forcing me?"
yoongi wants to laugh.
the piece of paper informing yoongi about their location in namjoon's writing that he'd found slipped into the envelope along with taehyung's letter lies crumpled in the pocket of his coat still.
"you didn’t inform me because you knew i would never agree to your retarded experiment.
you didn’t inform me, but you had all intentions of involving me."
he takes a step forward and grabs namjoon by the collar once again, bringing their faces close enough to make the unspoken threat clear.
"where is he?"
namjoon's eyes hold his gaze for a moment, and then slowly slide to the side where yoongi knows jungkook is gearing up to tear yoongi off namjoon, but yoongi doesn't bother looking away from namjoon.
nobody in this room poses any real threat to him.
"it’s fine, jungkook," namjoon says finally, and he looks back at yoongi again.
"he isn’t wrong.
we did manipulate them.
but yoongi, you’re wrong to assume that taehyung has been entirely truthful in his letter to you."
yoongi bares his teeth and hates how easily he takes the bait, fingers curling so tight around namjoon's collar, his knuckles dig into the thin skin of the man's throat.
namjoon wheezes a little but goes on.
"he didn't lie to you, but he did omit a few details.
the first day i visited him, i’d implored him to tell you.
jimin and i have always desired your cooperation.
it would be the ideal scenario.
but taehyung was adamant about your uninvolvement in this operation.
he wanted to keep you away from it.
his reasons, despite not being the most rational, were understandable.
he cares for you deeply."
namjoon struggles to pull in a breath, and yoongi loosens his hold until the man gasps and continues, "jimin and i were forced to go against his wishes for his own sake.
we had to contact you despite his instructions to us.
but make no mistake, even if you didn't agree, we'd still figure out a way to bring him back.
it would just cost us time we cannot really afford.
your help is valuable to us, but it's not irreplaceable.
i will not force you to do this."
yoongi lets him go, and namjoon stumbles back, palms on his chest as he bends over and tries to regain his breathing.
jungkook and jimin rush to help him, and yoongi presses his eyes shut just as a wave of helplessness tries to drown him.
he pulls in a trembling inhale and snaps his eyes wide open once again.
there will be time for emotion later.
"where is he?"
he manages to ask again, and his voice holds; doesn’t break like how he feels he might.
namjoon looks up at him, but this time, he straightens and wordlessly gestures at yoongi to follow him.
their footsteps follow a somber rhythm as namjoon leads yoongi down a long quiet corridor.
jimin and jungkook had made a motion to follow, but they remained where they stood after a look from namjoon that yoongi hadn’t bothered to decipher.
it’s been four weeks since yoongi received taehyung’s letter, since the nature of his husband’s "death" was revealed to him, but it is the first time yoongi finds himself truly unable to confront the truth of the matter.
he’d been analytical about it at first, had read the letter about ten more times after his first read.
save for the final few paragraphs that taehyung had dedicated to him, because yoongi could not go through those more than once, he’d picked and peeled apart every other word that taehyung had penned in his letter to him, and then sat on the floor and stared into the fireplace for over an hour.
he didn’t cry.
he’d wanted to, but he couldn’t.
taehyung was still out there, in some shape or form that was not known to yoongi, but he was still there.
he wasn’t dead.
yoongi wasn’t sure if he could say that his husband was alive either, but he was not a corpse, and any time yoongi was not investing into searching for a way to bring him back was a waste of his time.
he hadn’t cried for four full weeks, but he feels his throat tightening now, as namjoon’s footsteps steadily slow down and the frightful dread grows roots into the pit of yoongi’s stomach.
"be careful.
it may shock you, but remember that he can still see you."
yoongi can’t bring himself to respond when namjoon comes to a stop before an unassuming white door.
"take your time when you enter," namjoon speaks again as his hand twists the knob.
"he won't know you're there until you place your face directly above his eye.
the eye is always open.
he can't move it at all, so his field of vision is very narrow.
at the moment, we have it looking up at the ceiling.
he obviously cannot hear anything so you have to hold up signs or enunciate your words very slowly and clearly in front of the eye if you wish to speak to him.
we have no way of knowing if he can sense or understand us.
we do not yet know if he’s conscious at all."
despite having twisted the knob, namjoon doesn’t open the door.
he remains where he stands, staring at yoongi like he can see right through him.
and yoongi grits his teeth and tramples down the terror that threatens to throttle his throat.
he pushes past namjoon and swings the door open, revealing the small square room behind it.
but before he can take another step into it, namjoon grabs him by the forearm and keeps him where he is.
"stay back here until you get used to it," he says, and yoongi turns around to look at him, at his hard gaze and the harsh lines on his face, and snatches his arm out of namjoon’s grip.
"i’m fine," he hisses before turning around to stare at the white enamel bowl about the size of a washbasin placed on a table in the centre of the room.
half a dozen thin plastic tubes emerge out of it, carrying the blood to and from the heart machine that is kept on the floor, a large complicated thing itself that makes a loud rhythmic pulsing sound that echoes in the small room.
"come a little closer."
namjoon grabs his hand this time, leading him two paces forward.
the basin is too high for yoongi to look into completely, but at this distance, he can see the surface of the liquid inside it.
it is clear and still, and a small oval capsule floats on it.
"that's the eye in there," namjoon says.
"it is his right eye, and it’s still in perfect condition.
as far as we can tell, he can see just well as he could before."
yoongi feels bile rise up to his throat, but he swallows it down and lets namjoon lead him even closer to the table till they’re standing just a couple of feet away from it and yoongi feels his knees freeze stiff in their refusal to move any further.
"there you are," namjoon says.
"that's taehyung."
yoongi’s body jerks forward instinctively as if to retch, but namjoon grips him by the back of his jacket, fisting the fabric tight and keeping him upright.
yoongi’s mouth trembles open as he heaves for air, knees shaking and threatening to deposit him on the floor, but even then, he can’t tear his eyes away from the bottom of the basin where taehyung lies: dark in color and with ridges and grooves running over his surface, stubs of the four big arteries and the two veins coming out from the base of him and joining the plastic tubes that go directly into the heart machine.
"you must control your emotions," namjoon tells him, not unkindly, but yoongi flinches anyway.
namjoon lets go of him, and yoongi bends down low as he takes in another steadying breath even if it feels like he’s going to keel over and throw up at any moment.
when he straightens, he takes a careful step forward, towards the horrendous setup.
namjoon doesn’t follow him this time.
yoongi hears the doctor retreat from the room and close the door behind him, and he steps up to the edge of the table, leaning forward until his face is directly over the basin and he is looking straight down into taehyung’s eye.
and for some unfathomable reason, this is when he falls apart for the first time after four weeks.
"taehyung-ah," he whispers wetly and has to bite down on his lip to keep down the sob growing at the back of his throat.
instead, he pulls his lips into a wet forced smile, an effort that is certainly in vain because taehyung would be able to see right through him.
the pupil remains large and black, staring back at yoongi unblinkingly, a manner that is so unlike taehyung because yoongi has not known a man more expressive than his husband.
he laughs wetly, feeling as if he’s truly been driven deranged, and he grips the edge of the table tightly as he stares down at it.
he’s used to being alone; war does that to you.
he’s seen friends be killed, has killed a few of them himself.
loneliness is not foreign to him.
and yet— "i miss you," he’s saying before he can think to stop himself.
it doesn’t matter, he thinks humorlessly, taehyung cannot hear him.
he might not even be conscious.
or alive.
and then the dam truly breaks.
"i miss you so fucking much, tae, and i—" he no longer bothers to stop the tears gathering in his eyes.
when he tries to stare at his husband’s eye, still floating lifelessly in the basin, it’s all blurry, and he hates it.
"you were always like this.
you’re always running ahead of me, and i feel as if i’ve spent my entire life just trying to catch up to you."
he eventually chokes on his tears.
"i miss you so much, love," he confesses shakily, his voice finally giving up on him, and his shoulders shake and tremble and then curl inwards.
"i'm doing everything for you tae," he exhales, trying to wipe the tears away with his palms.
it’s not working.
"i’m going to fix it all, okay?
i don’t care what it takes.
i’ll do it all.
i—i love you.
you know that too, don’t you?"
he forces a laugh even if his entire chest feels like it’s caving in.
he has no other choice.
there's nobody else he can trust to do this but himself.
we’re all made of dead stars, his mother used to say, and when he hears the door open behind him, yoongi takes a step back and turns around to see jimin standing there at the threshold.
if jimin notices the tear tracks—there is no way that he doesn’t—he doesn’t comment on it.
instead, he brings their purchases to yoongi, and yoongi takes them from him with shaky hands.
taehyung was the only person who knew what yoongi’s source was.
it is a secret that all alchemists carry to their grave, but yoongi had whispered his into the slope of taehyung’s neck as they lay tangled on the bed, deep into the night of their wedding.
yoongi now bites into the thin skin of his thumb and lets the blood fill his mouth, before it dribbles down his chin and then drips on the floor.
from the corner of his eye, he sees namjoon and jungkook arrive as well, but they don’t enter the room.
jimin is the only one who helps yoongi as he kneels down and drags his thumb in a large circle across the floor.
all alchemy follows the law of equivalent exchange.
the circle of ouroborus, the circle of death and rebirth, of decomposition and reconstruction, it’s all the same.
because matter can neither be created nor destroyed; it simply changes form.
everything, including their bodies, is created of matter that has been around since 13.8 billion years ago.
we’re all made of dead stars, his mother used to say, because all stars eventually run out of hydrogen and helium as fuel.
and when the fusion of heavier elements occurs, requiring higher and higher temperatures and leading to the formation of heavier and heavier elements, the star ultimately collapses.
it explodes and flings its matter into the rest of the universe, the ashes of it nourishing the solar systems and the planets to further evolve into complex organisms like humans.
from stardust to humans and back to ash, everything is created of the same matter.
it simply evolves, decomposes, and is brought back to life in another form.
this cycle is the basis for all alchemy, and even though several alchemists claim that humans are exceptional, different from the rest of organic matter, yoongi doesn’t quite hold that degree of self-conceit.
according to him, human transmutation should be no different from all the other alchemical processes, and he spent the past four weeks writing and perfecting this transmutation based on that very assumption.
he bites another finger when his thumb dries, and then another and then one more, until his entire hand is soaked in his blood and he has the entire circle covered in glyphs and slanted writing that details the transmutation process.
jimin brings the ingredients to him, and yoongi measures each one of them with precision: water, 35l, carbon, 20kg, ammonia, 4l, lime, 1.5kg, phosphorus, 800g, salt, 250g, sulfur, 140g, saltpeter, 100g, sodium, 100g, chlorine, 95g, magnesium, 19g, iron, 5g, silicon, 3g.
"namjoon," he calls out when he’s done, and doesn’t say any further.
namjoon understands him though, and yoongi has to resist the urge to squeeze his eyes shut when he hears the enamel bowl being placed in the center of the circle.
he doesn’t look up at it, just watches as some of the liquid spills on the ground and grows pink when it streams over the blood glyphs.
namjoon, jungkook, and jimin retreat to the entryway once again, and yoongi kneels over the circle.
typically, he wouldn’t need such an intricate setup.
alchemy requires a circle, and yoongi would simply clap his hands and form a center within his body, but this is beyond anything he’s ever performed, and without his source, channelling the earth’s energy from the movement of its tectonic plates is his best wager.
because yoongi’s source is, extremely ironically, the sun, singularly the one thing he’ll never see in his life.
when he’d told taehyung this, his husband had pressed a kiss to his knuckles and promised him that he’d take him to the surface to see it.
yoongi doesn’t realise when the tears escape him, but he feels the wet slide of them down his face when he claps his hands and slaps his bloody palms on the floor.
he has to squeeze his eyes shut once the transmutation begins and he feels the familiar tug in the pit of his belly, like there are hands twisting his insides and tugging them out of him.
the earth beneath him slowly starts to shake, and yoongi feels the exertion in his bones, but he pushes on, pressing his eyes tighter as the hands in his stomach twist and twist and twist, wringing him dry.
there is a crash as the shaking grows more powerful, and the enamel bowl tips over and falls against the ground, but yoongi forces himself to remain where he is.
it’s painful and slow going.
he doesn’t know how long he stays bent over the floor, muscles straining and teeth clenched tight as the transmutation pulls everything out of him.
yoongi’s legs give out from under him at one point, and somewhere far ahead of him, he hears jimin gasp, but he doesn’t open his eyes, pressing them tighter till his head hurts, and then some more.
something unmistakably large and alive is thrashing on the ground, and yoongi is gritting his teeth so hard, he thinks he’ll crush them.
he screams when his vision goes blindingly white from the agony.
it’s as if all of him is being scorched from inside, and he screams and screams deafeningly, till his throat feels like it’ll scrape and bleed.
and then, as abruptly as it came, the pain leaves him.
in its place, the exhaustion seeps in and settles thickly into lungs, and yoongi gasps for air and then collapses on the wet floor.
he hears shouts and loud talking.
namjoon is barking orders, and there are arms pulling yoongi upright.
he feels himself being lifted, and when he pulls his eyes open, an effort that causes him to nearly collapse once again, the room is dark, and— in the middle of the circle lies taehyung.
it’s unmistakably him, held up by the armpits by jungkook who is kneeling behind him and trying to haul him up.
wet black hair plastered to his forehead and the long lashes fanning against his cheeks, the sharp nose and the jaw, the lips and the neck and the shoulders and the chest.
the relief lasts only a moment however, because when yoongi’s eyes travel lower, he feels as if he’s been stabbed straight through the chest.
because where taehyung’s torso ends—where his legs should be— there are only two horrific stubs of limbs.
he doesn’t have legs.
yoongi falls forward on his palms as all air leaves him, and his mouth gasps and wheezes and then parts with an urge to scream.
but the scream gets strangled in his tight throat because even in the dark, yoongi sees when the lids of taehyung’s eyes slowly lift, and it feels like somebody's doused him in ice water.
taehyung's eyes flutter open and they first find namjoon who’s standing a few feet away from him, then jimin who is holding yoongi up from behind, and then finally, slowly, land on yoongi.
the room is dark, and yoongi’s heart is frozen stiff, but taehyung’s heavy eyes stay on him as his mouth parts and trembles slightly, the whispered words leaving his dry lips like a wisp of smoke.
"i...want to die."
the tournament is truly to nobody’s liking, but yoongi’s father is rigid about following tradition and yoongi knows better than to get in the way of that.
it is customary in their ancestry that alphas prove their worth as a mate to an omega before the two of them are joined in matrimony.
seokjin, yoongi’s only older sibling, was the only exception.
as the one who’ll inherit the duke’s title, seokjin’s match had more to do with political gains than courting sports, but from what yoongi’s seen of the two of them in the past few years, seokjin and namjoon only seem to be partly joined by doctrine.
jimin, yoongi’s other sibling and an omega like him, is a whole lot more combative in his intentions.
their father would have to be blind to not see how taken he was with his guard and knight, jung hoseok.
but as it was, there had been not a cause to worry because hoseok easily bested his opponents and won jimin’s hand in a marriage that couldn’t be challenged by anybody.
yoongi, however, had a fate like neither of them.
his previous marriage had been a political one, perhaps the most talked about match that season.
the season’s diamond, they’d called him for catching the eye of the prince and securing his hand in marriage in just a month’s time.
but just a year after their courtship, yoongi found himself the prime subject of the ton’s gossip once again.
nothing enraptures them quite like the news of a widowed omega or one with child.
and yoongi was both.
jungkook is four now, sat giggling in jimin’s lap on yoongi’s right, probably the only one excited about the entire ordeal.
"anybody caught your eye?"
jimin leans to the side and whispers in yoongi’s ear, hidden behind the shade of yoongi’s fan.
yoongi would roll his eyes, but jimin is sincere.
as is everybody in his family.
nothing but concerned and genuine.
and yoongi wonders what they’d think if they knew the truth.
the thought makes him almost laugh out loud and he conceals it with his fan, bringing it up to the bridge of his nose till only his eyes are visible to everyone in the audience.
the truth is, yoongi couldn’t care less about any of the alphas standing in the ring below him, baring their chests and flexing their muscles for yoongi to see.
there aren’t as many of them as there had been before.
he’d have to be blind to not notice the stark difference in the numbers of the competitors in the previous tournament held for him and this one.
nobody wants "used goods" after all.
it might’ve angered him in the past, but the yoongi of now, four years into having jungkook, can hardly gather sufficient energy to care.
jimin is the one who’s ready to gut the gossip mongers at any social event that they attend, fiercely protective as he is of yoongi, and yoongi can’t help the fondness he feels at the thought of somebody else being angry on his behalf.
"they all look the same," yoongi answers once his eyes do a cursory sweep of the men lined up to fight for his hand in marriage.
it is the truth.
once they reach a certain size, all alphas look the same to him, blurring together till they’re all just sweaty chests, leery eyes, and pea-brained conversations.
jimin snorts as he leans away.
"you’re so pricey."
from the corner of his eye, yoongi sees fingers wrap around jimin’s neck from behind and give it a tight reproachful squeeze.
"as he should be," seokjin says as he sweeps into the chair to yoongi’s left, "and as is his right."
and then with a meaningful look in yoongi’s direction.
"the event is organised to give him options, not to have him settle."
yoongi smiles, feeling at ease with both of them by his side.
he knows most omegas don’t get this privilege.
hardly any omega gets to remarry once widowed.
and certainly none of them get to have their pick.
yoongi is fortunate.
he knows none of the contenders are here for him.
he is not foolish enough to believe that.
he’s just fortunate enough to be the brother to the future duke, and that gets him a decent number of suitors who would marry him despite the fact that yoongi has a child from another alpha.
not that he has to marry anybody.
seokjin and jimin had made sure of that.
he could reject every alpha present here, and that perhaps is his only respite in the entire evening.
it is what he expects too.
yoongi has no intention of marrying anybody here, or anybody ever.
he appreciates what everybody is doing for him, what his family is doing for him, but it is hard for him to tell them that it isn’t just about him spending his heats alone.
it’s not just about the terrible loneliness he carries in his chest, like one of these nights it’ll come crawling up to his throat and throttle him in his sleep.
it is no longer just yoongi.
it’s yoongi and jungkook, and yoongi is not looking for a partner for himself.
if he’s going to invite an alpha into his life, they’re going to have to be good enough for jungkook too.
and in yoongi’s honest opinion, nobody is ever going to be good enough for jungkook.
definitely none of these knot-headed alphas who think flexing their biceps in yoongi’s face would earn them his favor.
yoongi’s father finally makes a stand, and everyone in the stadium sits straighter.
yoongi slumps further back into his seat, wholly uninterested in the entire unnecessary protocol.
he’s seen it once before and has no desire to go through it again, but jimin pinches his skin when the duke waves a hand and gestures towards the competitors.
the first suitor steps forward, bowing first before the duke and then turning and taking a few steps towards yoongi before kneeling on the ground in front of him.
seokjin glances at yoongi, and yoongi sighs before nodding in resignation.
seokjin makes an acceding gesture, allowing the man to rise.
the alpha introduces himself, a name that yoongi can’t recall moments after he hears it.
he supposes the alpha could be called handsome, built large and stance strong, confidence visibly thrumming through his veins.
seokjin nods in yoongi’s stead, and the alpha steps forward to present his offering.
it’s an alexandrite gemstone cushioned inside an embroidered box.
the stone is rare and highly sought after, and yoongi is almost impressed until the man opens his mouth and goes on a long spiel likening yoongi’s beauty to the rarity of the stone, and yoongi has to remind himself of jungkook’s company to keep from swearing out loud.
jimin takes the offered stone, and he and yoongi share a look where yoongi very clearly shakes his head behind his fan.
jimin takes the gift back from jungkook’s small curious hands and returns it to the alpha.
much to yoongi’s annoyance, the alpha doesn’t seem fazed and simply bows at the waist and promises to win yoongi’s heart during the tournament.
the tiring ordeal continues, competitor after competitor, and towards the end of it yoongi is slumped fully in his chair, entirely exhausted and irritated.
jungkook is the only one who seems to be having fun, ooh-ing and ahh-ing at all the gifts he examines with his tiny hands and big rabbit-like eyes.
even jimin looks unimpressed with the suitors so far.
the gifts that followed the first were hardly different from it, all of them some variation of a gem or an ornament.
yoongi is close to dropping the polite interest he’s been feigning the entire evening when there’s a faint noise in the distance.
yoongi looks at the gate barring the entrance into the stadium, but from where he's seated, he cannot tell the cause behind the commotion.
there is some murmuring amongst the guards, one of them scurrying to the duke who’s seated on the platform not far away from yoongi, and yoongi’s father makes an acceding gesture.
with his permission, the guards eventually part and yoongi discerns the figure of a man approaching the competitors that are gathered on the side of the field.
he’s carrying what appears to be a wooden crate in his arms, and as he draws closer, yoongi can tell that he’s no nobility.
dressed in commoners’ clothes, the alpha stands out from the rest of the crowd.
commoners are permitted to participate in courting events, but a commoner marrying into nobility is almost unheard of.
yoongi is quite sure he’s never heard of a match like that.
a story of somebody choosing to marry below their station instead of above would definitely make its way around the ton for months to come.
but as the alpha comes closer, all traces of disinterest vanish from yoongi’s mind.
his stomach twists with a sudden horrifying wave of dread when he spots a familiar mop of black unruly hair, golden tan skin, eyes bright like stars and a mouth twisted into a shy smile.
the alpha stops to bow before the duke who regards him with feigned interest.
yoongi's fan falls from his fingers and into his lap, revealing his face to the crowd for the first time, and he feels jimin’s eyes on him, but yoongi doesn’t look at him.
his gaze is pinned to the man who turns to face him, and when their eyes meet for the first time, yoongi’s lips part unbidden.
"taehyung," he whispers, loud enough to have both seokjin and jimin’s heads twisting around to look at him in surprise.
taehyung smiles at yoongi hesitantly before he drops down to his knees before him.
"you know him?"
jimin hisses into his ear.
yoongi sees seokjin glance at him in question, but yoongi doesn't meet either of their eyes.
this time, he lifts his own hand and twists his wrist, beckoning towards taehyung with a finger, ordering him to stand up.
"kim taehyung," taehyung says once he’s upright and his eyes are fixed onto yoongi’s.
his voice is deep and rich, and if yoongi hadn't known him like he did, he might have missed the slight quiver of uncertainty behind it, but he can hear it just as well as he can see the way taehyung holds his present for yoongi close to his chest, as if embarrassed to offer it to him.
he doesn’t have a choice in the matter though because seokjin gestures at him to present it, and taehyung takes a moment to close his eyes before he pulls them open and takes in a visible steadying breath.
he presents the gift to jimin, and yoongi leans forward to take a look at what’s inside the wooden box.
the sight has him pulling in a quick sharp breath.
"tangerines," yoongi says, and when he looks down at taehyung, the alpha looks visibly nervous.
he rubs the back of his neck and suddenly seems unable to meet yoongi’s eyes.
"i noticed that you liked them, your grace," he says softly, "you always visited the gardens to pick them.
i grew these ones myself.
they’re fresh and ripe.
even if you don’t permit me to court you, i thought you should still be able to enjoy them."
he falls silent, and yoongi can feel everyone’s gaze on him.
he stares at the crate full of orange fruit, feeling a storm brewing inside his chest.
nobody in the stadium realises just how truly dangerous taehyung is to yoongi, and yoongi is frozen where he sits, unable to grasp what he should do.
he never expected to see taehyung again, and for a moment, yoongi feels the familiar constriction in his chest, like something is squeezing his windpipe and he cannot breathe.
in just a few moments, it feels as if the past four years didn’t occur and yoongi is transported back in time and— the spell is broken when jungkook tugs at yoongi’s sleeve, and yoongi looks up at his son in bewilderment and then at the rest of the crowd watching him.
he tightens his grip around the box and remembers where he is and what he is and nods, unable to trust himself to speak or meet taehyung’s eyes.
it takes jimin a moment to recover from his shock, and when he makes yoongi’s acceptance of the gift known to all, the entire stadium erupts in whispers.
from the corner of his eye, yoongi sees taehyung joining the other competitors, and when jimin whips his head to stare at him in bewilderment, yoongi shrinks into his seat.
"how do you know him?"
it is seokjin who speaks the question, and yoongi closes his eyes and reigns in whatever emotion is visible on his face.
it is of no use, he knows it.
seokjin has always been able to see right through him, and there’s never been any reason to hide anything from him.
until now.
"he was a gardener back at the palace," yoongi says.
it is hardly an explanation, and both of them know it.
for yoongi to remember taehyung’s name and recognise him on sight is incriminating enough, but thankfully seokjin and jimin don’t push any further.
yoongi sees them share a look when they think he isn’t looking, but he lets them go at it.
whatever they’re imagining won’t come anywhere close to the truth.
the truth is—the truth is that yoongi didn’t lie.
taehyung was a gardener, well he was really just an apprentice of one, unimportant enough to go unnoticed by the officials in the court, but that just made him all the more perfect for yoongi.
yoongi had visited the gardens for the first time with the prince.
the gardens themselves didn’t hold anything of interest to him, but he had spotted taehyung working on a few pots quietly in a corner.
the man was an alpha, it had been obvious even amidst all the scents of the flowers, but he was quiet, and the combination had seemed almost humorous to yoongi at the time.
he never thought he’d see those two traits coexist together.
it was a comical musing, a small one at the time, one that didn’t grow any further until months later.
months later, yoongi visited the gardens again.
taehyung was hard to find amidst all the plants, but yoongi found him.
and this time his visit held a much larger purpose.
he’d gained a considerable amount of knowledge about the plants they grew in the gardens since his first visit, but he’d pretended to be clueless about them anyway and had asked taehyung to teach their names to him.
taehyung was easy to fluster and eager to please, and as yoongi’s visits to the garden grew, taehyung’s feelings for him grew all the more apparent.
it was endearing, and made him even more perfect for the job, because when one year into his marriage and seven months into his pregnancy yoongi asked taehyung to grow the poison ivy in the garden, taehyung had taken one look at the fading bruises of fingers encircling yoongi’s throat and had done it without a singular sound of protest.
but now as yoongi watches him enter the ring full of posturing alphas, he feels as if he’s about to watch his life collapse and combust into flaming dust.
it makes no sense for taehyung to come here after all these years and attempt to court him.
he must know by now that yoongi only used him as a means to his own ends, and the more yoongi thinks about it, the less sense it makes.
taehyung should despise him, and for a brief second, yoongi thinks that must be it.
taehyung must be here to blackmail and extort him with the truth that only he knows.
but then he recalls taehyung’s hesitant smile when he presented him with his gift.
tangerines.
a lump makes itself known in yoongi’s tight throat, but he forcefully swallows it down.
deep down, he already knows what he wants.
it would be foolish to deny it when he cannot even bring himself to tear his eyes away from taehyung’s body as the alpha shakes out his arms and legs in order to prepare for combat.
he feels jimin’s eyes on him, but yoongi resolutely doesn’t meet them.
once the offerings are complete, most of the suitors looking disgruntled when yoongi accepts no gifts presented to him after taehyung’s, the duke rises from his seat to begin the tournament at last.
taehyung isn’t in the first dueling pair, and yoongi can’t decide if he’s disappointed or relieved.
"don’t," jimin warns him under his breath, and yoongi crushes his fingers into fists in his lap.
"he might not win."
he knows that.
if taehyung was nobility, it wouldn’t matter.
the tournament is more a traditional formality than anything else.
but jimin is right.
the only reason hoseok and he are where they are is because hoseok single-handedly slammed all of his opponents down on the floor in front of everybody and effectively sealed their mouths shut.
and hoseok was a knight, not born nobility but still high enough on the ladder to be respected in social circles.
taehyung is a gardener.
there is a gorge of a social strata between him and the others.
hoseok was trained in the military, but yoongi has never seen taehyung fight or show even a tint of aggression in their time together.
he is an alpha, yoongi holds no doubt about that.
he has seen him work in the gardens, lifting heavy pots from one corner to the other, but plain physical strength and actual hand-to-hand combat that requires years of technical training and skill are two entirely separate matters.
yoongi hardly pays attention to the first duel, only making note of the winner so he can gauge how taehyung might fare against him if they are pitted against each other.
he feels on edge, heart hammering against his ribs each time his father rises to announce the next two contenders to engage in combat.
he knows he’s being unreasonable.
he’s long since recognised his feelings, but things are different now.
four years have passed since they last saw one another, and the man in front of him is no longer the taehyung who’d blush as easily as a rose just from the touch of yoongi’s gaze on him.
the man before him has long since learnt of yoongi’s intentions and recognised him for what he is.
but none of that is able to keep yoongi’s eyes away from him, or stop his heart from threatening to have him fall out of his seat when taehyung’s name is called out for the third duel.
it is jimin who has to press yoongi into his seat, fingers digging into the flesh of yoongi’s arm in warning.
"show some restraint," he hisses, and yoongi grits his teeth but obeys.
taehyung has to fight an alpha yoongi has never favoured, and the entire stadium must be able to hear the way yoongi’s heart thrashes against his chest, a lot more honest than he’s ever been.
but the fates must be ridiculing him, because it is not a moment into the match when all of yoongi’s initial presumptions about taehyung’s fighting prowess are proven wrong all at once.
taehyung’s opponent charges at him with the force of a bull, but taehyung side-steps him easily and using the alpha’s own momentum against him, throws him into the mud headfirst.
the crowds gasp with surprise, and yoongi holds his breath as taehyung easily beats the alpha with little to no effort.
he is smart, yoongi realises with a dawning sense of dread, and the match is over almost as soon as it began with taehyung barely out of breath and his opponent trapped to the floor with his wrists bound behind his back and taehyung’s knee digging into his spine.
when his victory is announced, taehyung stands back up and turns to where yoongi is seated on the platform, and yoongi freezes when their eyes catch.
taehyung smiles at him and dips his head slightly as if in reverence.
yoongi slumps back into his chair, dumbfounded.
the duels continue, and yoongi hides his face behind his fan once again because jimin and seokjin appear to have dropped whatever reservations they held about taehyung, having taken to finding amusement in the hue of yoongi’s cheeks instead each time taehyung enters the ring.
namjoon joins them just before the final few rounds begin and only a handful of alphas are left to compete further into the tournament.
"what did i miss?"
he asks as he comes to stand behind seokjin’s seat, bending down to press a kiss into his hair.
"yoongi wants to jump the commoner," jimin informs him, and yoongi would smack him if they weren’t in public.
namjoon’s eyes widen for a brief moment before his face breaks into a dimpled smile, and the alpha looks back at yoongi with a sincerity only he can manage.
"well, for your sake, hyung, i hope he wins."
despite what it may look like now, yoongi knows that it took a long time for namjoon and seokjin to reach where they are.
manufactured marriages rarely ever work out like theirs, yoongi knows it from experience, and he turns and looks back at taehyung, surprised to find taehyung watching him as well.
taehyung smiles at him, and for a moment yoongi stiffens in his seat, but then he looks away, unable to meet the alpha’s gaze without the guilt churning afresh in the pit of his belly.
the rest of the tournament passes like a blur in yoongi’s eyes.
save for taehyung’s matches, he couldn’t care less about who wins or loses.
taehyung gains his next two wins easily; the third one, taehyung’s fourth fight, is harder, and yoongi can see the exhaustion clearly from the curve of his back.
he doesn’t give his opponent any opportunity to get him, but yoongi can tell the continuous matches are tiring him out and each consequent duel has been longer than the one before it.
"he’s good."
even hoseok sounds impressed from where he’s been watching the matches silently.
he’d joined them in time to catch the last few matches of the round, and yoongi can see him assessing all the contenders with a skilled eye.
"certainly trained, and i don’t just mean his body.
he’s been observing everybody from the sidelines, picking up on their tells and using them against them in the matches."
taehyung wins his fifth bout, which puts him in the final round but also gives him no time to recuperate.
he’s panting and bleeding from the mouth, a stray punch from his previous opponent that taehyung was too slow to dodge, but he wipes it with his fist and bends at the knees as his final opponent enters the ring.
it’s the suitor who’d introduced himself first, and yoongi can make out his confident grin even from this distance.
he’s bigger than taehyung, muscles prominent and trained in a way that gives him a leverage over taehyung in all the important ways when it comes to hand-to-hand combat, and despite taehyung proving him wrong on every account, yoongi feels fearful for him anyway.
he knows now that taehyung is nothing like the man he left behind in the palace gardens four years ago without a word of a warning or goodbye, but his heart clenches into itself anyway, uncaring of the four years of distance between them.
the crowd has hushed into silence, anticipatory of the match between the final contenders.
and taehyung stands still, letting his pants ease into something quieter as he waits for the commencement of the bout.
when it comes, the duke’s roaring voice drowns out the noise from the alpha’s sprinting charge, and yoongi’s mouth parts in a pained gasp when taehyung spins to dodge it but catches a graze of the attack on his forearm.
it is obvious that his opponent’s energy hasn’t flagged from his previous matches, but taehyung is certainly slower than before.
by the time he goes to parry the second attack, his opponent is already in the middle of his strike, and taehyung catches it on the meat of his thigh.
he falls back to try to further the distance between them, but his opponent is relentless, closing the distance between them again in no time, and for his part, taehyung doesn’t stop moving.
he’s mostly defensive, focused entirely on sliding away from the critical hits and catching others in places that wouldn’t be fatal.
the crowd groans each time taehyung rolls out of the range of an attack, and yoongi curls his fingers into the fabric of his robes.
just a few hours prior to the tournament, yoongi couldn’t have cared less about who won it.
he wouldn’t have permitted them or anybody else to court him.
but now, with each blow that bruises taehyung’s skin, yoongi feels like he is the one who bears it.
after a while, it is evident that the ruthless brutal blocking is tiring taehyung out as well.
the alpha is cornering him, and taehyung is falling back just as easily.
they’re at least twenty meters from where they started, almost at the edge of the boundary, and taehyung must know it too because he pauses for one precarious moment when he’s close to the edge of the ring, and the alpha sees it.
it is a tempting target, and yoongi has to clench his teeth from crying out when the alpha goes in for the attack.
except, something unexpected happens, and the alpha loses his footing when he’s spinning for a powerful kick aimed at taehyung’s temple.
"oh, he’s good," hoseok whistles just as taehyung moves with an unprecedented speed, ducking easily to dodge the kick and landing a hit at the back of the alpha’s legs that has the alpha falling forward on his knees.
when yoongi tears his eyes from the match and glances at hoseok, the knight is grinning and leaning forward to watch the arena with an eagerness he didn’t display for any of the prior matches.
"he’s been observing the terrain," hoseok explains, and yoongi doesn’t understand until he leans forward and catches how the terrain is rougher around the edges of the ring where taehyung and his opponent now stand.
"he’s been falling back to lead them both there."
it’s almost as if everything yoongi saw before this was a facade.
taehyung’s movements are fierce and fast now, nothing like what they’d been at the beginning of the bout.
he moves with precision and a dogged determination, and his opponent can only block the worst of the attacks as he lies twisted on the ground below him.
the match comes to a close after a few minutes when taehyung twists the alpha’s arms behind him with a very real threat of pulling them off him, and the alpha frantically taps out but taehyung doesn’t let go of him until he meets the eyes of everybody in the audience, as if silently daring them to challenge his victory.
the stadium is silent when taehyung finally lets go of the man.
yoongi watches him stagger upright, arms almost hanging off his shoulders and body bleeding from at least four different places.
if yoongi’s father is disappointed with the outcome of the tournament, he doesn’t show it.
he rises from his seat, and everyone follows him as he walks to the front of the platform.
"the winner of this tournament, kim taehyung!"
the crowd cheers, and taehyung folds himself into a bow before the duke once again.
"yoongi, do you permit this man to court—" his father is turning around to face him with expectation, but yoongi has already torn jimin’s hand from his arm and is leaping off the platform without a single thought or care.
the stadium bursts into an eruption of whispers at the spectacle as yoongi sprints across the field towards taehyung, but he can’t bring himself to care, and when taehyung lifts his head to look at him, yoongi’s legs can’t hold him.
they tremble and drop him to his knees.
"your grace," taehyung says, lips trembling into a smile when yoongi cups his bloodied face in his palms, and yoongi’s heart clenches with a pain all too familiar.
his throat feels so tight, but he twists his head and barks at the guards.
"bring a healer!
quickly!"
it doesn’t take long before attendants arrive to inspect taehyung’s wounds, and after confirming some bruised ribs and a dislocated shoulder, they begin to take him away to the healers.
yoongi starts to follow them, but seokjin holds him back and yoongi grudgingly obeys, knowing better than to make a scene bigger than he already has.
his father gives him a look that certainly means that they’re going to have a chat later in the day, and not long after, yoongi is escorted out of the stadium by jimin and his attendants.
he feels restless for the remaining day, the events of the day hitting him ten times as hard when he is forced to recall his time in the palace.
everything feels big and consequential, like all that he’s known to be his life for the past four years is going to be uprooted very soon, and yoongi feels so wholly unprepared for it all.
thankfully, seokjin and jimin let him be with his thoughts for the rest of the day, and he sits jungkook down and talks to him, but it is truly taehyung who he needs to speak with.
they would meet the next day, but yoongi knows that they won’t get the privacy he needs then.
so when the dark descends and everyone retires to their rooms after the last meal, yoongi leaves jungkook with jimin and slips into the hallway barefoot, careful to not make a noise that would alert the guards.
finding taehyung is not a problem.
yoongi hasn’t been able to smell anything but his scent for the entire day.
it is quite a walk from yoongi’s own rooms, but once he stands before the doors to the quarters given to taehyung, yoongi knocks his knuckles against the wood twice and doesn’t wait for a response before he slips past them.
taehyung’s lying on a bed, his face turned to the side where the curtains are tugged back to reveal a wide window that oversees the vast gardens around the house.
he must not have expected his visitor to be yoongi because he leaps up at the sight of him and then winces at the quick movement, one hand coming up to grab at his bandaged side.
yoongi almost surges forward to help him but then remembers his place a moment later.
he remains where he is with his hands in the air like he doesn’t know what to do with himself, frozen in his uncertainty about where the two of them stand.
taehyung lifts his head to meet his eyes, and they hold the contact for a long time, but when yoongi doesn’t make a motion to move, taehyung smiles and gestures at him to come closer, delicately shifting and making space for yoongi to sit at the edge of the bed.
yoongi bites his lip and occupies the offered seat, and for a long moment the two of them watch each other in silence.
there is white gauze where his wounds were, and his hair is no longer matted with sweat and blood.
taehyung looks almost younger under the warm glow of the oil lamp kept on the nightstand beside the bed, his features softer and the shadows in his eyes not as dark as they’d been when he stood in the bloody arena, daring anybody to challenge his worth.
"how are you feeling?"
yoongi asks him softly.
the yellow light makes everything feel like a dream, and yoongi fears that speaking any louder would somehow rip the reverie from its seams.
"it looks a lot worse than it feels," taehyung assures him, face losing some of its tension, and one of his hands comes to rest over yoongi’s.
they fall into silence once again.
taehyung seems to be searching yoongi’s face for something, but yoongi has never felt more unaware of what he’s thinking.
"i’m glad," taehyung speaks into the silence between them all of a sudden, lips stretched into a sad smile that yoongi doesn’t understand.
"what?"
"to know that you care," taehyung says and yoongi feels his throat go dry.
he watches taehyung tip his head back against the wall and stare up at the ceiling.
"i spent years thinking..."
there’s an unmistakable quiver in taehyung’s voice as it grows the slightest bit wetter, and yoongi feels the lump in his own throat grow as taehyung blinks back obvious tears.
"i’m just glad that it wasn’t all a lie.
you care.
that’s good to know."
the guilt comes flooding back all at once, and yoongi struggles to breathe as it threatens to drown him.
"of course—" he stutters, crushing his robes in his fists, "of course i care, you—i—" he trails off, suddenly at a loss for words, not knowing what to say other than the obvious.
i’m sorry.
taehyung smiles but doesn’t say anything.
he continues to watch the ceiling, and yoongi doesn’t know what they’re doing.
"why are you here, taehyung?"
he asks him finally after a minute of neither of them saying a word.
taehyung looks at him again, but instead of answering, he asks, "don’t you want to know what i did in the last four years?"
he doesn’t seem to be waiting for yoongi’s response because he’s speaking again.
"i left the palace.
soon after you did.
i waited at first.
i thought you’d come back."
taehyung laughs, and yoongi wants to do anything but.
he digs his nails into his palms till the flesh is carved with crescents.
"well, at some point i realised that you weren’t going to.
and that they’d come for me instead.
so i fled the gardens and joined the military."
"wait, what—" "everybody told me i wasn’t cut out for it," taehyung goes on without stopping.
he’s smiling but it’s so obviously forced, lips stretched so tight, yoongi almost cannot recognise the taehyung before him.
"they were right.
i wasn’t.
you always said i was too soft for an alpha.
and at first, i think i was still trying to become somebody you wouldn’t leave behind.
i thought that perhaps if i wasn’t so weak, if i’d stepped up sooner to help you—" "taehyung-ah, no."
yoongi feels frantic.
"that’s not—me leaving had nothing to do with you."
"what was it about then?"
taehyung cuts in.
there’s a hardness to his face, and yoongi realises that this is the taehyung of the past four years.
the taehyung that he knew was starry eyes and sweet giggles, fantasies of bunnies on the moon and a fondness for strawberries and the cakes yoongi would steal from the kitchens for him.
"why did you leave me behind?"
taehyung asks him, blunt and unapologetic.
"you asked me why i’m here.
this is the reason.
i want to know.
after you left, i struggled to tell what was real between us and what wasn’t.
some days i was bitter, angry at myself for having deluded myself into believing some nobility would be interested in me.
a gardener!"
taehyung laughs, a sound so bitter and humorless, yoongi’s heart breaks.
"the other days i convinced myself that it couldn’t all be a farce.
so please tell me the truth, your grace, and put me out of my misery."
"i—" the words grate at his throat.
shame and guilt try to twist his tongue, but it’s been four years and there’s nobody right now who deserves his honesty any more than taehyung does.
"i was scared."
the surprise softens taehyung’s face, but yoongi trudges on, the words so honest they feel foreign on his tongue.
"i had jungkook and i could no longer trust anybody besides myself.
i was scared they’d find out, and i—i shouldn’t have left you like that.
i know, fuck i knew even then, and i wanted to go back, so many times and so much.
but i couldn’t bring myself to do it or to confront you.
i knew you’d hate me for what i did, and i—i was scared."
he feels his voice waver, and yoongi looks at his lap when the heat behind his eyes doesn’t disappear even when yoongi tries to blink it back.
"i’m sorry."
he doesn’t know what expression taehyung is wearing and finds himself too scared to find out.
he startles when he feels fingers on his chin, forcing him to look up at taehyung.
"i don’t hate you," taehyung says, and yoongi is startled out of his thoughts when taehyung pulls him closer by the chin he has trapped between his fingers.
"i love you."
the words are uttered like a breath, a soft inhale, and yoongi is frozen where taehyung has brought their faces so close together, it’s impossible to not see the sincerity that softens his eyes.
"that’s why i came here today.
to get a chance to tell you what i couldn’t then."
there’s no way taehyung can’t hear yoongi’s heart thrashing wildly inside his chest.
"taehyung—" "i don’t expect anything.
more than anything, i just regretted not telling you how i felt.
i understand why you left, and it’s been four years so it’s really—" yoongi grabs him by the neck and pulls him in sharply, colliding their mouths together in a kiss that is more violent than anything else.
he feels taehyung’s mouth part in shock, but yoongi presses harder, and then taehyung is kissing him back, just as hard.
the kiss isn’t deep, but they remain pressed together for long, and yoongi is panting when they finally part for air.
"was that sufficient, or do you need further proof of my feelings?"
he asks him, and isn’t surprised at all when taehyung grins.
"no, i don’t think i am entirely convinced—" and they’re kissing once again, but it’s difficult when they’re both smiling into it.
later, they’d navigate to the bed and talk some more, about jungkook and about the lives they spent apart, and taehyung would bring yoongi’s knuckles to his lips and ask, min yoongi, would you let me into your life again and do me the honor of letting me court you?
and yoongi would say yes in a heartbeat.
yoongi jerks awake to the sound of the door to their apartment clicking shut.
he blinks several times before his eyes make out the dark blurry shape that is taehyung toeing off his shoes at the entrance.
"you didn't go to sleep?"
taehyung asks as he walks to the switchboard and flicks a light on.
yoongi buries his face further into the cushion, making an unintelligible sound and flapping one hand in the air in some vague gesture to tell taehyung to turn it off.
taehyung laughs from somewhere deep in his chest and does as requested.
"better?"
he murmurs, much closer now that he's taken a seat beside yoongi on the couch.
yoongi pulls himself upright, giving a sleepy deep-throated affirmation as he bends forward to pick his phone from the coffee table and look at the time because he has no recollection of falling asleep.
the anime he’d put on looks completely foreign now, well past the episode yoongi had been watching.
11:45 yoongi squints at the screen before his eyes grow wide, and he twists to look at taehyung who's leaning back against the couch in an attempt to stretch his spine.
"it's almost twelve.
what happened?"
"we had to revise the proposal thrice, and when we finished the guys at the office wanted to get some drinks, and after that i don't know."
taehyung pauses to groan once he starts to rotate his shoulder to relieve some of the stiffness there, undoubtedly a result of driving for long.
they’ve been looking for apartments closer to taehyung’s office that won’t be far from yoongi’s workplace either, but neither of them have been satisfied with the options so far.
"you remember mingyu?"
taehyung turns to look at him, and yoongi struggles to recall the face of taehyung's colleague.
"we had dinner at his place a few months ago?
anyway, he was drunk so i had to drive his car back home, and then i had to come pick my own from the office and it was a mess."
yoongi taps on the messaging app and brings the screen close to his nose as he reads the texts taehyung sent him, all of them spaced out by an hour.
> hey, work will go on for long.
i'll probably eat before i come back.
don't stay up.
> me and a couple of guys from office are getting drinks.
i'll come home by 10.
> i'm sorry, it's gonna take longer :< go to sleep, okay?
i'll be home soon.
"you should've gone to bed," taehyung tells him, and yoongi looks away from his phone to see taehyung peeling his jacket off his shoulders.
when he begins to undo the first few buttons of his shirt and cuffs, yoongi has to thank the dark because twelve months into their marriage and he still feels his cheeks warm at the sight of his husband undressing in front of him.
"did you eat?"
yoongi asks him, trying to ignore the heat spreading across his face.
there's so much skin, obviously, because taehyung has skin.
it’d be more alarming if he didn't.
"i had pasta.
did you eat?"
taehyung shifts slightly to face yoongi, and the movement causes their thighs to touch.
there's a suspicious lilt in his voice which would offend yoongi if it wasn’t a well-established fact that yoongi is awful at keeping to his mealtimes.
he’d munched on some tortilla chips while he worked (which was almost five hours ago?) but taehyung doesn't need to know that.
"i ate," he says and rolls his eyes for good measure.
taehyung hums and doesn't sound like he believes him.
yoongi can only hope that he doesn't spot the packet of doritos in the dark.
for a while, both of them are quiet.
but it isn’t uncomfortable like it used to be a few months ago.
yoongi is watching the anime on mute, absently thinking about the new development project he'd taken on the week before when taehyung breaks the silence again.
"did you hear from my mother?"
he asks, and he sounds exhausted.
"about the anniversary celebration?
mom initially wanted to do an exclusive interview with us and close family.
i managed to convince her out of it thankfully, but she wants to invite the press to the event instead and she won’t budge."
yoongi hums a vague affirmative as he picks up the remote and switches off the television, unable to tell what’s going on in the anime anymore.
he’d gotten a call from taehyung’s mother earlier in the day.
"she wants to meet us for lunch on sunday," he tells taehyung because she’d specifically instructed yoongi to.
taehyung groans again, and yoongi hears him run a hand through his hair and push it off his forehead.
"like she couldn’t tell me herself," he mutters and yoongi side-eyes him.
they both know that she always approaches yoongi because he has little choices in these matters.
"anyway, we can deal with that on sunday itself," taehyung says in resignation.
"i’m going to take a shower before i pass out on this couch and crack my spine open."
without his contacts and in the absence of the light from the television, yoongi finds it difficult to discern taehyung’s movements in the dark.
he registers taehyung picking himself off the couch and grabbing his jacket before his husband braces a palm on the backrest behind yoongi’s head and dips down low to close the distance between yoongi and himself.
it’s a thing they have.
neither of them have acknowledged it or given it a name, but it began during the countless company dinners and family gatherings where they were needed to pretend like they were a newly married couple very much in love with each other despite having met only a few weeks before.
it had been awkward the first few times, but they quickly grew familiar with the routine.
taehyung would wrap an arm around yoongi’s waist, and yoongi would curl into him and smile, gums and everything.
they’d laugh.
taehyung would lean down and yoongi would whisper something sarcastic in his ear.
it’d make taehyung giggle.
and then sometimes, when they’d feel eyes on them, taehyung would slant his head and kiss yoongi’s cheek briefly.
the shutters would go off around them, and taehyung’s parents would smile and nod at yoongi in approval.
but no one could tell just how hard yoongi's heart would thrash against his chest each time it happened.
it went on like that for months, and in the whirlwind of cocktail parties and charity events, before yoongi could wrap his head around it, it became a thing.
even in the absence of the camera lenses and their family’s threatening eyes, taehyung grew more open with his affection.
the kisses never strayed from yoongi’s cheek, but taehyung never failed to press them against his skin and whisper goodnight each night before they separated into their individual bedrooms.
except it’s dark, and yoongi can’t tell how taehyung is oriented.
he twists his face to the left, just a little, to see taehyung better, but the movement brings their lips together by accident and both of them freeze stiff in the moment.
it’s not even a kiss.
their lips are barely grazing, but they’re close enough for yoongi to feel taehyung’s breaths against his mouth.
and he feels time slow down unnaturally.
the entire apartment is silent save for the sounds of their quiet breathing, and yoongi doesn’t know how long the two of them stay like that, but it feels like an entire eternity passes before taehyung whispers an apology and starts to pull himself away.
something in that moment suddenly feels horribly wrong, like if he doesn’t rectify it immediately, he may end up losing something he didn’t even know he had the chance of possessing.
and yoongi is not a reckless person by nature, but before he can consider what possesses him, he is reaching out and grabbing taehyung by the bicep, stopping him in his motion before he can pull away completely.
it’s dark but yoongi can tell that taehyung is staring at him, unmoving and with little distance between them.
and another long silence follows although this one is a lot less welcome.
yoongi feels like they’re standing at the edge of a cliff, and one of them is about to push the other into it.
but the moment comes to a halt when taehyung moves, and it’s like a giant tidal wave is about to crash into him because where taehyung had been supporting himself on his palm on the backrest, he now bends his arm by the elbow so that he’s leaning further into the couch and caging yoongi against it.
taehyung digs a knee into the couch and all at once he’s looming over yoongi, engulfing him before he dips down low once again and closes the distance between their mouths.
it’s just the press of their lips.
for a long moment, neither of them move, almost like they're waiting for the other to pull away.
but when yoongi doesn't shove him away, taehyung presses closer and carefully moves his lips against yoongi's.
like a machine slowly whirring to life, yoongi mirrors his movements, and the kiss eases from awkward to something marginally sweeter yet hesitant.
it’s closed lips and a whole lot of heavy silence, and taehyung pulls away after a few moments.
"we need to talk," he whispers.
yoongi meets his eyes.
talking is just about the last thing he wants to do at the moment.
"we can talk about it tomorrow," he whispers and slides his arms around taehyung’s neck, bringing him down so they’re close again, not kissing but breathing the same air.
yoongi watches taehyung lick his lips and consider it.
"okay," his husband finally whispers and leans forward, and they're kissing again.
this kiss is a lot less hesitant.
taehyung kisses yoongi like he does just about everything else, both confident and careful, and yoongi tightens his arms around taehyung’s neck, pulling him closer till taehyung is fully straddling him, his front pressed against yoongi’s and the slide of their mouths wet and urgent.
taehyung’s hands find yoongi’s waist, and yoongi absently thinks that he hears the sound of taehyung’s jacket falling on the floor.
he hopes they don’t step on it by accident, but any thought of that is instantly wiped from his mind when yoongi feels taehyung’s tongue swipe at his lip.
he nearly whines when he parts his lips and taehyung licks inside his mouth.
the sounds of their kissing, the little breathy gasps and moans are loud in the silence of their apartment, and yoongi doesn’t know how long they just kiss like that, but after a while the desperation eases and they kiss deeply but without the urgency from before.
and yoongi does whine when taehyung pulls away eventually.
"i’m going to shower," his husband rasps, voice rough and clearly out of breath.
"what?"
taehyung gently pulls away from yoongi, and yoongi releases his hold on taehyung’s neck, arms falling back on the couch in confusion.
"i’m going to shower," taehyung repeats gently and brings a knuckle to graze yoongi’s jaw, "and if this is something we both still want after we’ve had some time to clear our heads, then we can continue.
does that sound good?"
yoongi exhales, leaning back against the couch as he catches his breath.
"okay, sounds good," he says, and taehyung smiles and pecks him briefly on the cheek before he picks himself off yoongi and retreats to his room.
when the door clicks shut behind him, yoongi slumps back into the couch and wonders whether that was his husband’s polite way of dismissing him.
except when he retreats to his own room and stands under the stream of his shower, yoongi does admit that it’s a good thing taehyung stopped them when he did.
he mulls over the events of the night as he brushes his teeth and changes into a pair of light gray sweatpants and a white loose shirt with a stretched neckline that he suspects belongs to taehyung.
yoongi has known his feelings for taehyung for several months now.
his attraction was evident to himself on the very evening they met.
when taehyung sat across him in the restaurant their parents had arranged their meeting at, challenging yoongi’s cold stare with his own and looking every bit as handsome and daunting as yoongi had heard as he sipped his wine and raised an eyebrow at yoongi in question.
("your mother told me that you were enthusiastic about this arrangement, but i’m guessing that’s not the case?"
"you have impressive deduction skills, taehyung-ssi."
"i’ll take that as a no."
"it doesn’t matter.
i don’t have a choice in the matter.
what about you?
are you going to say yes?"
"do you want me to say yes?"
"i just said that it doesn’t matter.
if it’s not you, they’ll marry me off to somebody else."
"then i guess it doesn’t matter what i say, right?") taehyung had grinned wickedly at him, and yoongi had felt the heat flare behind his cheeks.
but he buried it under the storm of silent fury that had been brewing inside him.
the beginning of their relationship wasn’t smooth, not when yoongi was forced into the arrangement to solidify a merger with the kims.
and taehyung had been an easy target at the time.
his husband had been on the receiving end of most of yoongi’s scathing anger, and he’d taken it all, no matter what yoongi said to him, things that shame him to think about now.
but taehyung stood resilient against all of it, and before yoongi knew it, months had passed and he was tired of fighting what had lodged its roots in his heart and coiled its vines around his ribcage.
something that ran much, much deeper than the initial superficial attraction and only seemed to suffocate him the more he struggled against it.
yoongi finds taehyung’s room empty when he enters it, but then he hears the sound of water running in the bathroom.
he perches on what is technically their bed, but other than the few rare times someone from either of their friend circles spent the night, yoongi always sleeps in the guestroom.
it’s awkward because his presence in the room alone clearly indicates his answer, but he doesn’t know if taehyung feels the same.
after everything that’s happened between them, it’s inconceivable to yoongi why his husband would feel the same.
he wonders if he should leave before taehyung finds him.
for all he knows, it probably was a dismissal.
taehyung was too kind to let him down and tell him that he wasn’t interested.
but in the one year yoongi has spent with taehyung in close quarters, he's never known him to do something like that.
taehyung is kind, but he always says what he means.
he’s straightforward, and his honesty is his kindness.
the sound of the door opening startles yoongi out of his thoughts.
he’d been so lost in his head, he hadn’t noticed when the sound of running water was silenced.
taehyung is towelling his hair dry when he emerges from the bathroom, and he pauses once he spots yoongi on the bed.
yoongi’s eyes snap wide open.
taehyung’s not worn a shirt, and his pants hang low on his hips.
yoongi immediately darts his gaze back to taehyung’s face who is watching him with obvious surprise.
the silence stretches between them, and yoongi’s lips stiffly pull at a corner.
"you look surprised," he says, and something in his chest distinctly hardens.
yoongi laughs and pushes his hair off his forehead as he slowly stands back up from where he’d awkwardly been sitting on the edge of the bed.
"i suppose—i should leave, i’m sorry."
"no—" yoongi hasn’t even fully turned towards the door.
he stops and twists his neck to stare back at taehyung in confusion.
taehyung tosses his towel somewhere behind him before he takes four quick strides towards yoongi and grabs hold of his wrist.
"wait.
i was just surprised," taehyung says.
his eyes are wide, and yoongi sees his own uncertainty reflected in them.
"you don’t have to leave, not unless you want to leave obviously."
taehyung lets go of yoongi’s wrist quickly like the touch burnt him, and yoongi stares at him a little incredulously.
he slowly turns back around to face taehyung fully.
"i don’t want to leave," he says, as if it wasn’t obvious already.
"i don’t want you to leave either," taehyung says, and for a moment, both of them stare at each other, and almost simultaneously, they burst into disbelieving laughter.
it is absurd.
they’re about to enter their thirties, and they’re married, but yoongi still feels his heart kick inside his chest.
"okay," he answers, smiling.
taehyung bites his lip and breaks yoongi’s gaze when he looks at the floor between their feet.
he huffs out a laugh, probably realising himself that they’re acting like teenagers.
"can i kiss you?"
he asks and meets yoongi’s eyes again.
his hair has grown long enough for his damp bangs to hang in front of his eyes, and yoongi steps forward to brush them away.
taehyung watches him, eyes soft, and instead of a verbal response, yoongi curls an arm around taehyung’s neck and pulls him down to kiss him, smiling as he does.
taehyung’s hands come to hold him by the waist, pulling him closer, and suddenly it’s like they never stopped.
the kiss turns heated quickly.
yoongi moans into it and lets taehyung walk him back till he feels the back of his knees hit the edge of the bed.
taehyung pulls away to look at him.
"i don’t—" he starts, voice low and gravelly.
his lips are slick red and his breaths come out in pants.
"what do you want?"
he asks.
yoongi doesn’t permit himself to overthink it.
"lie down?"
he asks him, a palm on taehyung’s chest, and taehyung licks his lips and nods.
he climbs on the bed and twists around so he can scoot back till his head meets the headboard, and yoongi follows him, swinging a leg over his hips and straddling him.
he cracks a fond smile when he runs his palms across taehyung’s chest and feels his husband’s heart racing.
"come here," taehyung requests, and yoongi bends to meet him for a deep kiss.
taehyung’s hand comes to hold him by the nape of his neck.
he runs his fingers through the hair there, scratching the base of his scalp, and yoongi hums into the kiss.
he splays out his fingers on taehyung’s sternum and supports himself on it when he pulls away to ask, "can i suck you off?"
taehyung’s eyes grow wide.
"is that—" he swallows, "is that something you want to do?"
yoongi can’t help the roll of his eyes.
of course taehyung is like this in bed as well.
he’s always been so composed and careful, and yoongi can’t help the thrill that suddenly streaks down his spine at the thought of yanking that composure from him, to have his husband come apart underneath him.
"just lay back," he says instead, pushing taehyung back against the bed.
"i want you to be comfortable."
yoongi feels the way taehyung shivers under him when he bends down to kiss his stomach.
it makes him smile, and he bites down on the soft skin under his belly button, right above the waistband of his sweatpants, and taehyung gasps.
yoongi wants to tease him more, wants to kiss and mark his thighs and the back of his knees, but he’s not sure he can last long either.
he taps at taehyung’s hipbone with a finger, and taehyung lifts his hips to allow yoongi to slide his pants down his legs and toss them behind them on the floor.
taehyung isn’t wearing anything underneath, and for a moment yoongi stares at his cock and licks his lips.
he’s big, but nothing yoongi can’t handle.
he wraps a hand around it and looks up at taehyung who’s watching him with lidded hungry eyes.
without looking away, yoongi lowers himself onto his cock, wrapping his mouth over the head and licking at its tip.
the reaction is immediate.
taehyung arches up into him and squeezes his eyes shut as he groans, but yoongi pulls away from him.
"look at me," he says, and taehyung blinks his eyes back open to look at yoongi as if he’s in a daze even though yoongi’s barely touched him.
"i want you to watch me," yoongi repeats before he goes down on him again.
taehyung’s fingers fist the fabric of the sheets, and neither of them look away as yoongi slowly bobs his head up and down his length.
he goes deeper with every egress, and it’s an intimacy unlike any before.
taehyung watches him with dark eyes and a parted mouth, soft moans leaving him despite his attempts, and yoongi feels even more determined to make him come apart.
deep throating isn’t something he’s done in a while, obviously, since it’s been a year of living with his husband and pretending they’re roommates.
but it’s something he enjoyed doing in his college years, and perhaps yoongi wants to show off a little, but regardless of the reason, he slides his mouth further down till he feels taehyung’s cock hit the back of his throat.
he hears taehyung make a needy noise, and it only pushes him further.
he relaxes his throat and takes in more of taehyung till his nose is buried in the thick black hair at the base of taehyung’s cock.
"fuck," taehyung groans from somewhere deep inside his chest.
"i’m not—i’m not going to last long."
yoongi is nobody to judge.
he is so close to it himself just by sucking taehyung off.
he gently plays with taehyung’s balls with his hand, and taehyung’s hands tangle themselves in his hair.
he doesn’t pull at it, just rests them there, and yoongi is glad because he’s never liked his hair being pulled.
"yoongi, i’m not—shit," taehyung curses and lets his head fall back against the pillow.
he’s not holding back anymore, and he sounds so hot, voice deep and breaking around his words as yoongi swallows around him and slides up and down his length slowly.
it’s only a couple of minutes later when yoongi is teasingly curling his tongue around taehyung that he feels a gentle tug at his hair and taehyung cries out a warning.
yoongi draws back a little before taehyung trembles and spills inside his throat.
some of it escapes him, but yoongi manages to swallow the rest before he pulls off taehyung completely.
"come here, sweetheart, please," taehyung rasps out, fingers sliding down to hold yoongi’s face by his chin and pull him up for a kiss so sickeningly sweet after such a heated moment.
yoongi is caught by surprise when taehyung flips them around and suddenly it’s yoongi with his back pressed into the mattress.
"your turn," taehyung almost growls into the kiss, and yoongi feels his fingers skim down his chest to tug at the hem of his shirt and push it up to his chin.
yoongi shivers when the chilled air of the room suddenly hits his bare skin.
he watches taehyung sit back and look at him with heated eyes, taking him in slowly, and it has his skin breaking out in goosebumps.
yoongi lets his eyes skate over his husband’s broad chest, the delectable dip of his collar bones, his defined arms and his long fingers that are curved around yoongi’s waist.
almost reflexively, the feeling of self-consciousness rises to his throat.
the urge to shrink away from taehyung’s gaze grows, but yoongi forcibly swallows it down.
he spreads his legs wider and raises his arms in invitation, watching the way taehyung’s eyes darken with want.
the feeling of being so obviously wanted by his husband has his entire body trembling with anticipation.
"god," taehyung exhales, his eyes darting back to meet yoongi’s.
"you’re so sexy, baby."
yoongi’s breath hitches when taehyung dips low enough to swipe at yoongi’s hardened nipple with his tongue.
he gasps and arches into taehyung when his husband closes his mouth over the bud and gives it a hard suck.
yoongi grabs taehyung by the shoulders and digs his nails into the skin, to pull him closer or push him away, he doesn’t know.
he thrashes and falls back against the bed, kicking his legs uselessly as taehyung licks and sucks and nips at the bud relentlessly.
"so pink everywhere," taehyung says once he releases the reddened nipple after reducing yoongi to incoherency, and his hand snakes down to yoongi’s cock that’s hard and obvious under the thin cotton of his sweatpants.
"are you pink down here too?"
taehyung asks him, voice so low and sultry, yoongi shudders deep within.
he pants as he stares at the ceiling because looking at taehyung seems impossible at the moment.
each time he thinks taehyung can’t possibly overwhelm him anymore, he opens his mouth and says some shit like this that leaves him blindsided.
"take a look for yourself," yoongi rasps out and somehow manages to sound deadpan even though he feels utterly debauched.
taehyung is clearly taking his time to ruin him, and yoongi doesn’t know if he wants to whine and beg him to touch him or ram a knee into his crotch for being so utterly maddening.
but thankfully taehyung doesn’t waste anymore time after that.
he pulls down both yoongi’s sweatpants and his boxers to his thighs till his cock springs free, and yoongi doesn’t have to see to know the gleeful expression on his face.
he hides his face in his palms but taehyung laughs and tugs them away.
he kisses him once again, and it’s not as desperate this time.
it is deep and sensual, and taehyung’s mouth moves against his languidly, kissing his top lip and then his bottom, licking into him and smiling.
"my pretty pink yoongi," he teases, "even your cock is pretty.
you’re so unfair."
"you—ah you’re the one who’s being unfair," yoongi complains in between kisses.
taehyung hums in question like he’s oblivious to what yoongi could possibly be complaining about, and yoongi should’ve known he’s going to be like this.
"touch me already," he nearly whines, needy and absolutely fed up, and taehyung pulls away to laugh into his neck before he kisses the skin there.
"whatever you want, sweetheart," he says, the fondness in his voice at odds with the way his hand grips yoongi’s bare thigh possessively while he twists to his left to pull open a drawer and grab a bottle of lube.
and yoongi can’t hold in the sound that leaves him when taehyung finally wraps his slick hand around his cock.
he squeezes his eyes shut, on the verge of tears as taehyung strokes him closer to his orgasm, and his moans are silenced when taehyung pounces on him for another messy kiss.
"you’ll come for me, won’t you, yoongi?"
taehyung breathes into yoongi’s mouth, voice slipping further and further into his countryside accent as he whispers filthy promises into yoongi’s mouth and jerks him faster and harder.
and as if in response, yoongi digs his nails harder into taehyung’s shoulders and shudders, immediately going limp and spilling into taehyung’s hand.
"just like that, sweetheart.
you’re beautiful."
taehyung rides him through the orgasm until yoongi eventually collapses on the mattress.
taehyung pulls away till they’re panting into each other’s mouths, chests pressed together and faces so close.
looking into taehyung’s eyes, he can see the affection and care he’s grown so familiar to seeing, except it’s now mixed with a reverence that’s new.
"was that okay?"
taehyung breathes into the silence that’s filled by the sound of their hard breathing, and yoongi has to blink rapidly to bring himself back to the reality he’d known outside of this bedroom.
the shift feels disorienting all of a sudden.
yoongi has no idea what to say so he settles for nodding.
taehyung nods as well, and for a moment it’s as if they both are at a loss for words, but taehyung recovers first.
"give me a minute.
i’ll clean us up."
he presses a quick kiss to yoongi’s forehead before climbing off the bed to enter the bathroom attached to the room.
yoongi hears the sound of running water before taehyung returns with a damp cloth and helps clean yoongi up.
yoongi pulls his pants back up and fixes his shirt, but taehyung chooses to collapse on the bed beside yoongi.
and yoongi doesn’t know how to fill the silence.
he has no idea where they stand or what taehyung is thinking.
they’d decided to talk in the morning, so yoongi supposes the logical course of action now would be to return to their own rooms.
but just as he pushes himself to sit upright, taehyung’s voice jolts him out of his thoughts.
"wanna have ice cream?"
yoongi twists around to look at taehyung who’s lying on his side propped up on an elbow, watching him with his cheek on his palm.
"i bought two tubs yesterday," he says, and it takes yoongi a second to realise that this is taehyung’s attempt at bringing back some normalcy to their relationship.
for a long moment, yoongi stares at his husband, his thoughts raging a hurricane in his head, but then his shoulders sag where they’d been pulled tight and, why the fuck not?
"sure," he shrugs and taehyung immediately grins at him, wide and impossibly bright.
he hops back on his feet, shimmying into his pants before he walks out of the room and into the kitchen.
yoongi hears him putter about in the refrigerator for a few moments until there’s the sound of the door being shut and taehyung emerges at the doorway once again.
"chocolate chip for me, and your vanilla."
he makes a face as he hands yoongi his tub, and yoongi rolls his eyes, more than used to taehyung bitching about his preferred ice cream flavor every chance he gets.
it reminds him of their first date when taehyung had quickly dropped all pretense of enjoying the fancy restaurant their parents had arranged their dinner at, suggesting that they go get some convenience store ice cream instead.
the thought makes him grin now.
yoongi hadn’t had a choice back then, but watching taehyung bite down on his elaborate chocolate ice cream cone as they stood leaning against the hood of his car, for the first time, yoongi had felt the dread in his stomach ease just a little.
"i already brushed my teeth though," yoongi mutters as he opens the lid and digs his spoon into the frozen dessert.
he startles when taehyung laughs, and looks up at his husband where he has seated himself in front of yoongi on the bed.
"you did much more with that mouth, love.
eating ice cream should be the last of your concerns right now."
yoongi shoots taehyung an unimpressed look, and taehyung laughs again.
they continue to eat in silence, and it’s surprisingly comfortable.
yoongi is thinking about what will happen to them once it ends when suddenly taehyung speaks again.
"i know you said you wanted to talk about it tomorrow," he starts slowly, like he’s not sure if he should be saying it at all, and yoongi looks up at him with creased eyebrows.
"but i don’t know what’ll happen tomorrow.
and i am not sure if i’ll be able to do this then."
yoongi parts his lips, but he doesn’t get a chance to speak because taehyung suddenly leans forward and traps his chin between a thumb and his knuckle, pulling him closer and pressing their mouths together.
the kiss is soft, and yoongi stares at taehyung in confusion when they part.
"i like you," taehyung whispers.
the words are spoken quietly and with care, and yoongi feels his heart go still.
his mouth tingles where taehyung kissed him, and for a moment the two of them stay like that, staring at one another, till taehyung lets go of him and leans back.
"did i make you uncomfortable?"
he asks softly.
yoongi is frozen stiff where he sits.
he wants to speak but he can’t find the words.
taehyung takes his silence for a response, and yoongi watches him exhale, a loud tired thing, before his husband runs his hand through his hair and breaks gaze, looking down at his lap.
"i’m sorry.
i thought—i thought there was something between us.
but i guess i was wrong.
i’m sorry."
just like before, yoongi feels as if everything is at its precipice, and they’re at the edge of yet another cliff.
everything’s about to go wrong, and yoongi—he can’t have that.
he doesn’t have the words, has no poetic confession, nothing that could do justice to the feelings that have been crammed in his chest for months, threatening to suffocate him, but he’s reaching out anyway.
he shoves the ice cream away, elsewhere on the bed, he couldn’t care less where, and crawls up to taehyung, lifting his chin like he’d done with him.
"i love you," yoongi whispers, and his chest that was so heavy suddenly empties itself in just those three words, leaving him utterly breathless.
taehyung looks the same as yoongi feels, eyes wide with surprise, and yoongi finds himself stuttering again, "i—i’ve loved you for some time now."
"since when?"
taehyung breathes out.
this is harder to word because falling in love with taehyung wasn’t like a flood.
it didn’t happen all at once.
it was like a crack in the tank, one that leaked slowly, unnoticeable to somebody who wasn’t paying attention, and yoongi definitely wasn’t paying attention.
not until he was chest-deep in the crushing water with no way out.
but there is one moment that comes to his mind.
it’s when he knew, when he knew he was sunk.
"when i walked out of that restaurant?"
yoongi starts.
he sits back on the bed, his knees touching taehyung’s, and he sees taehyung’s eyes flicker with recognition.
"we were having dinner with your parents and they kept going on about how we needed to start looking for surrogate mothers?
like adoption wasn’t even a respectable option."
yoongi laughs drily, but taehyung’s hand finds his own and laces their fingers together.
the unsubtle jabs at the lack of yoongi’s lineage come often enough that he’s had to grow accustomed to ignoring them, but both of them know that they’ll never not hurt.
"i stormed out of the restaurant and you chased after me in the rain like a fucking idiot."
yoongi smiles at the memory even though it is an awful one.
"that’s when i knew for sure.
pretty sure it was longer, but that’s when it really sunk in."
"but you hated me then."
"i—" "no, you told me you hated me that night."
yoongi exhales and rubs a palm over his face, the one that’s not interlaced with taehyung’s.
he did say that, amongst other much worse things.
"i was being hurtful on purpose," he admits and meets taehyung’s eyes.
"i didn’t hate you.
i never hated you, just hated the circumstances i met you under.
i’m sorry, i didn’t even apologise properly for what i said to you."
"you don’t need to."
"no, i do," yoongi says with more force.
"you didn’t deserve it.
you were just the easiest person to target at the time."
taehyung looks at their hands, and for a moment he’s silent.
when he speaks again, he squeezes yoongi’s hand.
"you didn’t deserve this either," he says, voice both thick and quiet.
and something in yoongi’s chest suddenly hardens.
it’s the way taehyung sounds defeated, the way taehyung, who’s been nothing but so stupidly good to him, thinks that he should be the one apologising.
it makes yoongi pull his hand out of taehyung’s hold and grab him by the cheeks, forcing taehyung to look at him.
"i didn’t want this, but we both know that," he says matter-of-factly because it is the truth.
"it wasn’t an ideal marriage, and i wish our start wasn’t so manufactured, that it wasn’t what it was, but i don’t regret it."
taehyung’s face is still hard, not entirely convinced, and yoongi sighs.
he leans forward till their foreheads touch.
"by the end of the day, i’m married to you and that’s all that matters," he whispers.
"it may not be an ideal marriage, but with you, it’s hard to mind."
taehyung’s eyes soften, and yoongi watches his lips stretch into a slow sweet smile.
"sweetheart, you’re making it very hard for me not to kiss you right now," he whispers.
yoongi has to laugh.
he meets taehyung’s gaze, and he knows that this is a moment he’ll remember for the rest of his life, the way taehyung looks at him like there’s nothing else worth watching.
"what’s stopping you?"
he whispers against taehyung’s lips, and taehyung doesn’t need to be told twice.
he grins and slants his head to slot their lips together, and yoongi finds himself smiling into the kiss.
they kiss for long, deep and sensual, and if he wasn’t so desperate, yoongi would be embarrassed by how quickly his body responds to taehyung’s fingers slipping under his shirt to encircle his waist.
he doesn’t think before he crawls into taehyung’s lap to straddle him.
but judging by how quickly taehyung’s arms wrap themselves fully around his midriff, tugging him even closer till they’re pressed against each other, he doesn’t seem to mind.
arousal streaks down yoongi’s spine, and he slides his arms around taehyung’s neck before rolling his hips down against his crotch.
taehyung moans into the kiss.
"you want it?"
he asks breathlessly before pushing yoongi down till he’s pressing him into the mattress and looming over him.
"again?"
yoongi feels the hard outline of taehyung’s cock pressing against his own when taehyung spreads yoongi’s legs a little wider and thrusts down harder against his stuttering hips.
"want you," he gasps out in between kisses, shivering underneath taehyung’s broader body.
"always want you."
"yeah?"
taehyung says over the wet smacks of their kisses, the breathy gasps, and yoongi whines when he pulls away only to latch onto his neck, dropping kisses along his throat and biting down hard where yoongi’s neck slopes into his shoulder.
when taehyung finally pulls away after marking what yoongi is sure is a dark flaming bruise on his skin, yoongi lets himself look at him, at his mouth that’s swollen and cherry-red.
because of him.
the knowledge has yoongi’s body tingling for an entirely different reason.
and when taehyung tugs up the hem of his shirt, yoongi lifts his arms and lets him pull it off him in one harsh motion and toss it on the floor.
taehyung does the same with his pants, throwing them to the side without looking away from where yoongi lies underneath him, and it’s a different kind of intimacy, being completely naked under taehyung’s dark eyes.
taehyung doesn’t let him curl away.
he runs his palms down yoongi’s bare thighs till he reaches his knees and lifts one of them to press a kiss against it.
"you’re gorgeous," he whispers, and yoongi watches him through his lashes as he slides his palms down to hold yoongi’s feet by his ankles.
"what are you doing?"
he asks him when taehyung starts to bend yoongi’s knees and push them up until they’re flattened against his chest and he has one of yoongi’s ankles pressed against his mouth.
"you have pretty feet."
taehyung places an open mouthed kiss over the jut of yoongi’s pale ankle, and yoongi gasps.
his foot jerks in taehyung’s hold but taehyung grips him tighter.
"pretty ankles."
"ankles?"
yoongi echoes incredulously, but his voice shakes, and he sounds breathless and wrecked.
"that’s what gets you off?"
taehyung laughs, and yoongi’s entire body tingles.
his husband looks absolutely devilish when he smiles at him, his sweat-damp hair hanging low over his eyes.
"my vanilla sweetheart," taehyung teases him, and presses one sweet kiss into the arch of yoongi’s foot, "we’re going to have so much fun, i promise you."
yoongi likes to believe that his patience stretches a lot further than most, but when his waltz partner, a self-absorbed pompous bastard who has had not one word to speak about anyone but himself in the fifteen minutes yoongi has danced with him, begins to enter into another long tale about the one time he almost defeated achilles and threw him into the pits of tartarus, yoongi doesn't spare a moment to hesitation before he accidentally stumbles forward and slams down the heel of his sandal hard on the bastard's toes.
the man cries out in pain, and yoongi is instantly the picture of innocence and apology.
he offers to walk him back to a seat, but the man is much too prideful to accept and retreats from the dance floor instead, limping and cursing the entire while.
yoongi doesn't spare him a glance and turns around to march towards the wine, grabbing a goblet of it and draining it in one go, uncaring of how juvenile it looks.
he doesn't have time to waste.
there's a little over two hours left before the clock strikes twelve and the courting ball comes to a close, and yoongi twists around with a renewed determination to approach someone else who catches his eye.
but just as he turns, yoongi ends up colliding against a hard chest.
and he would've stumbled back and tripped on the hem of his own dress had two large palms not come to steady him by the waist.
"careful," comes a deep voice, and yoongi jerks his head up in surprise and finds an unfamiliar face concealed under a black mask.
caught off guard by the sudden close proximity, yoongi stares at him in a stiff stupor.
underneath his mask, the man's eyes are coal black, darker than yoongi's ever seen.
he is taller than yoongi, and although that is hardly a feat, he is tall enough that yoongi has to crane his neck a little to look at him in the eye—a task that seems almost impossible to carry out with the way yoongi’s cheeks are warming at the weight of the man’s hands on his waist, fingers long enough that they encircle his waist almost entirely.
the man is dressed in black from head to toe save for the glittering silver dangling from his ears, and yoongi has been studying everyone's masks for even a hint of their identity, but there's nothing he can discern from the man's mask, weaved as it is with small black feathers and lined silver at its edges.
they stare at each other for a long moment before yoongi speaks.
"did you wish for a dance?"
he asks.
he's consumed enough alcohol to wash out all traces of shyness in him.
shyness would get him nowhere tonight.
the man lifts an elegant eyebrow before his face settles into an amused smile and his palms on yoongi's waist fall.
yoongi stupidly misses the warmth of them.
"that was the plan, but i also wish to remain uninjured for the rest of the night," he says, the corner of his lips quirked up in a way that tells yoongi that he's teasing.
yoongi blinks a few more times before the heat crawls up to his cheeks and colors it blush red.
"that—it was an accident!"
he splutters.
the man looks even more amused and doesn't seem to believe him in the slightest.
"i dare say the poor fellow wouldn't be able to walk straight for a week," he teases.
yoongi parts his lips to argue, but no words come to him in his flustered state, and the man laughs as he takes a step closer.
yoongi has to fight the urge to take one back.
"is this your goal?
you charm men into dancing with you and then leave them disabled for life?"
there’s mirth dancing in his eyes, and yoongi scoffs, trying to regain some semblance of control even as his cheeks burn scarlet.
"not all men.
only the ones who bore me to death."
"is that so?"
the man murmurs before taking another step closer, a devilish tug to his lips as he smiles at yoongi charmingly.
"perhaps i should take my chances then?"
yoongi bites his lip to contain the smile that threatens to spill out of him.
"even if it might cost you a limb?"
he asks, tipping up his chin flirtatiously.
the man leans in further till their faces are much too close, and yoongi’s treacherous heart thrashes wildly against his ribs, too loud not to be heard.
yoongi feels his breath against his lips when the man speaks again.
"i dare say it is worth the wager."
ever since yoongi came of age, his mother had been possessed with the thought of finding him a partner.
for months, she arranged evenings with countless gods and nymphs and heroes, all meticulously picked from the pool of potential suitors that fit her mold of an ideal husband.
and even though yoongi was aware that her dedication and persistence came from a good place, it left him seething.
he rejected every person she picked for him, and it was not that they were flawed or that yoongi was fussy.
it was quite the opposite.
yoongi hated the orchestrated nature of the arrangement, and he is aware that many would call him naive, an idealist, would tell him that things in real life rarely fell together like a fairytale.
yoongi knows, gods he knows, but he just wants a choice.
he wants to be the one to pick the person he has to spend the rest of his eternity with, and he admits that he is being an idealist, for no one on olympus has a drop of fidelity in their blood.
still, yoongi thinks, he should get to choose who he is to be wed to, and this was the very reason he and his mother fought last month, one of the countless arguments they'd had on the very topic before his mother finally gave in.
a courting ball, she'd said, on mount olympus.
he could choose his betrothed from amongst the attendees.
when the clock struck twelve, the man he'd be dancing with would be picked to be his husband.
and if he picked no one, he'd have to go along with the dates his mother arranged for him without a fuss.
yoongi had agreed, like a fool.
because one foot inside the hall and he'd realized what a grave mistake that had been.
it was a masquerade ball.
and that, in addition to the fact that yoongi had never attended the opulent events on mount olympus before this one, he had not one idea of anyone's identity.
his mother had obviously known that and she was probably expecting him to give up, but the knowledge had only served to steel his nerves.
brimming with an indignant resolve, yoongi had marched straight to the wine and drank just enough to dissolve his usual reservations before proceeding to pick whoever caught his fancy, intent on finding himself a man to marry before the night came to a close.
the man holds yoongi's hand in his own as he bends at the waist and brings it to his lips.
"so?"
he asks again, looking up at him through his eyelashes.
"may i have this dance?"
yoongi fights the furious flush flaming his cheeks, eyes darting away from the man's intense gaze as he nods silently.
from the corner of his eye, he catches the man's lips breaking into a small sweet grin.
it is a genuine, happy thing unlike the devilish smirks from before, and it steals yoongi's breath away.
but he has not the chance to utter a word before he's being pulled in the direction of the dance floor.
the crowd seems to part for them, not so much in awe but like the wilt of a flower, and the man leads them further away till they're standing in a more secluded corner.
yoongi fights the urge to shy away from the man's gaze and forces himself to meet his eyes.
the man smiles in assurance as he places a palm on yoongi's waist and lifts the one joined with yoongi's, changing the hold so their fingers are entangled in a firm lock.
yoongi places his own hand on the man's shoulder, and thankfully his body takes over once they begin to sway, muscle memory guiding him through the steps because his mind cannot fathom a single thought beyond the broad palm on his waist and the burn of the man's eyes on his own.
"i don't think i've seen you on olympus before," the man murmurs lowly as they fall into the rhythm of the music.
"i'm certain i'd have noticed you if you had."
yoongi raises a skeptical eyebrow.
"you don't even know what i look like," he points out.
his own mask had been brought to him after he'd entered, a pale white lace mask to match his tulle dress.
"i don't need to, sweetheart," the man leans in to murmur into his ear, and a shiver streaks down yoongi's spine.
"this mask does a dreadful job of concealing your beauty.
not that it ever could."
yoongi feels his cheeks burn at the words.
he's never been one to grow flustered so easily, but there's something about this man that is so wholly disorienting, it has his heart slamming against his ribs, threatening to tip him forward right into the broad chest in front of him.
"you're very straightforward," he settles on saying finally.
"perhaps," the man concedes.
"but what good does it do to keep up pretenses just to save face?"
yoongi doesn't reply, and the man shrugs.
"i think you're beautiful," he states bluntly, "and i wish to tell you so.
it does not embarrass me."
yoongi bites his lip and ducks his head.
he doesn't know the right response to such a statement, but yoongi can’t deny that he finds the man's candour immensely attractive.
"you were right," he says after a few moments of silence pass between them, and he feels the man's gaze slide back onto him.
"this is my first time on olympus."
"and how are you finding it?
considering that i caught you stepping on people's feet, i assume not very good?"
yoongi laughs.
he sees the man smile as well.
and in an uncharacteristically bold move, yoongi pulls his hand out of the man's hold.
sliding both palms up his shoulders till he has his arms wrapped around the man's neck, yoongi slants his head back to meet the man's gaze.
"not at first," he smiles coyly, "but now—it's not too bad."
they're much too close now, and yoongi catches the way the man's eyes widen briefly before his face settles back into a sweet, amused grin and both of his palms curl around the curve of yoongi's waist, pulling him even closer so they're almost chest to chest.
they're barely even dancing now, just swaying together in their spot.
"how would you score your present company then?"
the man asks him.
"tell me my numbers.
will i be losing any of my legs tonight?
my arms perhaps?"
yoongi bites down on his lip to keep himself from grinning like he knows he wants to.
"what do you want to know?"
he indulges him.
the man cocks his head to the side as he thinks for a moment.
"personality?"
he ventures.
"not appearance first?"
yoongi teases.
the man laughs.
and yoongi can't help thinking that he's really found the one.
he can't think of anyone else he'd rather be dancing with tonight.
"no, i'm confident about that."
yoongi scoffs.
the man is grinning widely, and there's really something so undeniably attractive about his shameless confidence.
"personality, out of ten…eight and a half?"
yoongi says, lying straight through his teeth because anything less than a ten is a falsehood.
"eight and a half?"
"you could do with some humility.
but i'll be forgiving."
"forgiving?"
the man echoes.
he sounds amused, and yoongi doesn't expect it at all when he is suddenly yanked forward for the man to whisper hotly into his ear.
"darling, a seven would be forgiving.
an eight and a half just means you're completely and hopelessly charmed."
flustered, yoongi is about to retaliate, but he is suddenly lifted into the air and twirled as the man smoothly exits the easy dance they'd adopted, entering into the more fanciful steps of the waltz with little difficulty.
yoongi squeaks in surprise and stumbles when his feet touch the ground once again.
the man laughs, and yoongi would glower at him if he wasn't so sure that he'd only enjoy that more.
he doesn't realise when the song comes to a close, just feels the man's hands slacken around his waist, not falling away completely but just touching.
"another one?"
he asks, putting enough space between them that yoongi could pull away easily if he wished to.
not that yoongi wants to.
"another one," yoongi smiles and confirms, closing the gap between them again.
the man grins before his palms come to hold him firmly, and they start to sway once again.
one dance turns to two, which then blurs into several more till yoongi loses count of them.
they dance, and when they aren't dancing, they'd be swaying lightly and talking, and when they wouldn't be talking, yoongi would feel the man's eyes on him, so warm and intense that yoongi can never match it for too long.
people begin to stare at them eventually, and it is only then that yoongi realizes that it is a courting ball and the two of them have danced to a dozen songs already and yoongi's feet are starting to ache now.
that isn't the only reason.
yoongi is sure his mother has been keeping an eye on him, and suddenly he doesn't want to be here at all.
which is why he pulls the man to a stop and lifts himself on his toes to speak into his ear.
"would you like to get out of here?"
they don't reach very far, just till the music grows soft enough to ignore, and then yoongi is being pressed back against the trunk of a tree.
yoongi grins when the man crowds him against it.
they're in the gardens at the back of the palace, and it is lit up by little yellow lights that fall across the man's face and make his jawline appear even sharper.
yoongi curls his fingers into the fabric of the man's coat, yanking him close enough so they're breathing in the same air.
"you're eager," the man whispers against his lips.
"do you have something else you'd rather be attending to?"
yoongi asks drily, raising both his eyebrows.
"none other than you, sweetheart."
the man smiles, and he doesn't waste time before pressing their lips together sweetly.
it certainly isn't yoongi's first kiss, and he doesn't know if the man believes it is, because the kiss is soft, tenderly so.
he brings a palm to cup yoongi's cheek and tilts his face to the side as he presses their lips together again and again, soft like the touch of peonies against skin.
and yoongi feels himself melting into it.
"can i?"
the man's voice is so soft that yoongi would've missed it entirely if he hadn't felt his lips move against his own.
he doesn't realise what he means until he feels fingers gently tugging at the lace that ties his mask together at the back of his head.
not hard enough to undo it, but just enough to bring yoongi's attention to it.
and yoongi can’t deny the twinge of fear he feels at the thought of losing the familiar anonymity, but the mask no longer holds any meaning so he bites his lip and nods.
he feels the lace being undone, and the mask falls off his face before dropping on the grass between their feet.
perhaps it really had been too naive of him to hope that it'd be easy as that.
because not a second later where yoongi had all of the man's front pressed against his own, he now stands completely alone.
it isn't in yoongi's nature to let the measure of his worth be defined by the shape and structure of his face, but it is hard to hide the hurt he feels when he sees the man take a step back when he finally catches sight of yoongi's face.
"yoongi," the man says now, and yoongi has to hold down the shiver that threatens to shake his body at the sound of his name falling from the man's lips.
he watches the man's eyes take all of him in before flitting back to his face.
and yoongi suddenly feels so cold.
he wraps his arms around his chest, feeling too exposed too early; and the vulnerability must've shown because the man's eyes widen, and he immediately steps back in to close the gap between them, cupping his face once again.
"oh, sweetheart, no, you're beautiful.
more so than i could've ever imagined."
yoongi can't stop the tears that gather in his eyes.
but it is impossible to hide them so he doesn't bother.
"then why do you look like you’d rather be anywhere but here?"
he asks, and he can't keep down the tremble in his voice.
"i—" the man starts but stops like he isn't certain what the right words are.
"it was not my intention to lead you on."
yoongi squeezes his eyes shut.
he feels so foolish.
he can't stop the shiver this time, and he feels the man's arms wrap around his waist.
yoongi wants him to stop.
"i was not aware of your identity, and i know that is a poor excuse, but darling, i cannot marry you."
yoongi would've fled if he could, if he wasn't caged against a tree with the man's arms around him.
he's being forced to suffer the humiliation anyway so he dares to ask, even if part of him doesn't wish to know at all.
"why?"
he croaks out.
"yoongi—" "tell me the truth," yoongi opens his eyes.
"do i not deserve to know?
tell me why, why do you believe a marriage between us is impossible?"
the man looks conflicted, like he's both desperate and reluctant to tell.
in the end, he doesn't speak.
he pulls away from yoongi and reaches behind himself to untie his own mask.
yoongi holds his breath, but when the mask falls and the man lifts his head to meet his eyes, yoongi loses all air in his chest.
he had presumed he was dancing with a hero, or perhaps a minor god at most, and yoongi may not be the best at recognising faces of the olympians.
but even he knows the face of the ruler of the underworld, arguably the most hated man on mount olympus.
"taehyung," yoongi whispers now, and the smile taehyung returns is almost pained.
they haven't met before, but yoongi has heard enough to get a general idea.
"there's still some time remaining," taehyung murmurs with a glance towards the palace where the soft hum of the music can still be heard.
"you should—you should look for somebody more suitable."
taehyung must take yoongi's silence for agreement because he takes a step back to further the distance between them; and he looks like he's going to vanish any moment, but yoongi's hand shoots out and his fingers close around taehyung's wrist, stopping him before he can leave.
"yoongi, love, please do not make this more difficult," taehyung sighs.
he isn’t meeting yoongi’s eyes, and it makes something awful grow in yoongi’s chest.
"your mother would not wish for you to be wed to me."
it is not a lie.
yoongi's mother has not made a secret of her distaste for taehyung.
yoongi does not know the reason for it, but he seldom did when it came to olympian politics; and yoongi feels a sudden rage shoot down his arms at the thought of being controlled by matters that had nothing to do with him.
tightening his grip around taehyung’s wrist, he asks instead.
"do you?"
"what?"
surprisingly, yoongi doesn’t feel hesitant.
"do you wish to marry me?"
taehyung’s wide eyes fly up to meet his, and yoongi tugs him closer until their chests are pressed together once again.
"yoongi—" "it is not my mother whom you'll be wed to."
he lifts his chin defiance, feeling uncharacteristically belligerent.
he’s tolerated being ruled by his mother’s will long enough, and he will not let her ruin this for him.
"it is me.
do you wish to marry me?"
for a long moment taehyung doesn’t speak, and yoongi clenches his teeth tight, willing the tears to not fall.
"because i do," his voice wavers despite his attempts.
"i wish for you to be wed to me."
the sharp lines in taehyung’s face soften, and he brings a palm to cup yoongi’s cheek, wiping away a tear before it can spill down.
"sweetheart, you must know i want nothing more than to make you mine."
"then do it," yoongi whispers.
"make me yours."
taehyung smiles at that, and yoongi can’t even bring himself to feel embarrassed at his boldness.
"you know just as well as i do that it is not possible," taehyung murmurs, and now that yoongi knows to look for it, the sadness in his eyes is evident.
"not one man on this realm will side with me if your mother objects to our betrothal.
which she will."
yoongi wants to scream at the unfairness of it all.
for all that he’s heard of taehyung in the hushed warning whispers of the dryads, not one word has come close to what he’s seen of him: compassionate and unabashedly charming taehyung with his soft grins and sweet touches, tender even in his teasing.
he can’t lose him, yoongi realises.
he won’t.
and once the resolve settles into his spine, straightening his shoulders and tipping yoongi’s head up so he can stare right into taehyung’s eyes, the answer comes to him easily.
"then we shall make it impossible for her or anybody else to object to it," he says.
there is a brief moment where taehyung’s eyes are clouded with confusion, but when the meaning underlying yoongi’s words sinks in, they grow impossibly wider.
"i—" he swallows and pauses, but yoongi can tell that he’s considering it.
"i cannot ask that of you," taehyung whispers.
"you are not.
i am the one suggesting it."
and yoongi is surprised by how right it feels.
where he expected to find hesitation, he only feels a surge of adrenaline and excitement brimming inside of him at the thought.
taehyung licks his lips, and something in his eyes is darkening.
his hand falls to yoongi’s waist and grips it tight enough that it feels almost possessive.
"you’ll never see her again," he says.
"you won’t ever be able to set foot in this place again."
yoongi can’t help the incredulous laugh that leaves him.
"i think we already established that i am not interested in setting a foot in this place ever again."
but taehyung doesn’t look convinced.
his eyebrows are creased in the middle even though his grip around yoongi’s waist is tight as a vice.
"are you certain?
it is not—it’s not a decision you should make for someone you’ve only known for a night."
instead of replying, yoongi lifts himself up on his toes and presses their lips together once again.
and despite his hesitation, taehyung kisses him back, and this kiss is a lot less chaste.
the sounds of the wet slide of their mouths parting and meeting again and again are loud in the night, and yoongi rests his forehead against taehyung’s when they finally part for air.
"what else must i do to convince you that i am not a child?"
he breathes out against taehyung’s lips.
"i was prepared to be wed to a stranger, and i am aware that we’ve only known each other for a meager few hours.
i am not naive.
i held no fanciful ideas of finding love tonight."
taehyung starts to speak, but yoongi cuts him off.
"i was looking for someone i could see myself growing to love with time," he says.
"and i may not know you well enough, but even in this little time, you showed me that you’re thoughtful.
you’ve shown me kindness.
you’ve cared for my well-being despite having no reason to."
yoongi leans forward and presses a soft kiss to taehyung's lips.
"what is holding you back?"
he asks and releases taehyung's wrist in favour of tangling their fingers together.
taehyung sighs, leaning into him a little.
his voice is softer when he speaks again.
"i am afraid that you are making a decision you cannot undo, and that with time, you may grow to hate it and hate me along with it."
yoongi smiles and feels his heart expand with an inexplicable fondness, taehyung’s hesitance only serving to strengthen his own resolve.
"but is that not a given?"
he asks him, cocking his head to the side as he lets his thumb stroke soothing circles against taehyung’s hand.
"i could say the same for you.
you could grow to hate me as well.
we can never know the consequences of our decision prior to making it.
but that is seldom a reason not to try."
there is a brief pause where yoongi supposes taehyung is considering his own decision.
"life in the underworld will be different," taehyung says ultimately.
"i cannot give you everything you may be used to here."
yoongi is about to argue, but taehyung’s head drops into the curve between his neck and shoulder, and his voice is a whisper against yoongi’s ear.
"but i promise that i’ll take care of you, and even though what we have isn’t love yet, you will always have my utmost devotion and respect and loyalty.
that won’t change regardless of what may happen in the future."
yoongi feels his heart kick inside his chest, and he couldn’t fight the grin that pulls at his lips even if he tried.
"that is already more than what i expected from my marriage," he whispers and presses his lips to taehyung’s cheek.
"thank you.
we may not be lovers yet, but i wish very much to be."
taehyung smiles and twists his face, and they’re kissing again, just a firm press of their lips filled with unspoken promises.
"we should get going," taehyung whispers when he pulls away.
"not much time remains."
yoongi squeezes their hands in lieu of a verbal affirmation and lets taehyung pull him away from the shade of the tree.
beneath the yellow lights, yoongi meets taehyung’s searching gaze one final time, and taehyung must find whatever it is he’s looking for because soon enough, not far from where they stand, the ground suddenly shakes and cleaves open, groaning heavily as it splits apart and widens till yoongi sees a dark, long staircase spiralling far, far down into the earth.
the two of them stand in silence, watching each other, and yoongi supposes taehyung is waiting for him.
before he can think too much, yoongi takes the first step, tugging taehyung behind him as they slowly make their way down the stairwell, the earth swallowing them up once the entrance fuses back together like it had never been split in the first place.
from thereon, taehyung’s hand is the only source of guidance in the dark.
yoongi lets him lead them down further into the mouth of the earth till they arrive before two looming silver gates lit by a dim gray light.
taehyung turns around to face him, and if yoongi had any doubts about his identity before, they’re certainly squashed now.
stood with his back to the looming gates, taehyung looks every bit like the ruler of the underworld.
his face is pale in the half-light, shadows flickering behind his eyes and his jawline sharp like it’s been cut by a chisel.
but his hand is still warm against yoongi’s when he pulls him closer.
"this is the last chance.
we can still turn back," taehyung whispers even though his tight grip on yoongi’s hand tells yoongi he wants anything but that.
yoongi pulls his hand out of taehyung’s hold and winds both his arms around taehyung’s neck, pulling him down to press their lips together in a sweet kiss.
"you may turn back," yoongi whispers into taehyung’s mouth, "but i won’t be coming with you."
taehyung smiles into the kiss, and yoongi closes his eyes as he lets himself soak in the earth humming beneath his feet.
it doesn’t take him long to feel into the roots and, with a sweet word, coax a shy shrub of pomegranates to blossom from the soil.
he breaks the kiss to pick the fruit and place a few of its seeds on his tongue before diving back in to capture taehyung’s mouth again.
the juice of the fruit spills and stains their kiss, binding yoongi to taehyung’s realm and rule for all eternity.
somewhere far above them, the clock strikes twelve, but yoongi cannot fathom a single thought beyond the touch of taehyung’s soft, coaxing mouth on his own.
and when taehyung pulls away and presses their foreheads together, yoongi sees the way his eyes shine with a reverent sweetness.
it makes him smile and spring up to peck taehyung’s nose.
they may not be lovers, but yoongi doubts it’ll take them long to get there.
yoongi’s never been a heavy sleeper.
when the long drapes of silk hanging from the ceiling around his bed gently part, the bells tied to their hem tinkling with the soft sweeping movement, his eyes fly open and blink rapidly in the dark.
he is blind for several long moments of silence, and it seems like his visitor is content with simply watching him take short, panicked breaths where he lies shrouded in the stranger's shadow, one arm twisted under the pillow where he keeps his knife and the other fisted in the thick cotton sheets.
"yoongi," a voice says quietly, its timbre and pitch so achingly familiar, yoongi’s eyes fly to the dark figure looming over him.
his mouth parts with a gasp but no sound leaves his constricted throat.
he can’t move even if he tries, muscles rigid with shock and his chest heaving with loud noisy inhales that betray the panic collecting in it.
his visitor doesn’t appear to care for his apprehension since he’s casually climbing onto the bed, and yoongi’s foot jerks out with violent instinct when cold fingers close around his ankle.
"shh," the man soothes.
his thumb slowly strokes the thin skin above the jut of yoongi’s ankle, and yoongi can't move.
he wheezes—he can’t breathe, can’t suck in air when his stomach is clenched so tight.
he can see him better now: a dim stray strand of moonlight filters through the silk curtains and cascades across the man’s face, illuminating the hard edges of his tall, sloping nose, the sharp cheekbone, his ear and his jaw.
dark lashes embellishing even darker eyes, a gold glittering earring, long and thin, swinging from one lobe, and lips parted slightly to bare a sharp row of white teeth.
it’s him.
except he’s— a hard lump collects in yoongi’s throat, the muscle there so dry, yoongi swallows painfully.
the quiet grows heavier.
taehyung sits on his knees at the foot of yoongi’s bed, still as the dead save for the smooth circling movements of his thumb across yoongi’s bare ankle.
at the first glance, he looks no different from when yoongi saw him last—eight years ago, when horses had stormed into their town and men in uniforms had unrolled the official decree, tipped their chins high, and announced the nationwide compulsory military conscription—when taehyung had cupped yoongi’s face in his palms and wiped the tear that had rolled down yoongi’s cheek.
i’ll be back, he’d whispered against yoongi’s lips and pressed their foreheads together.
this isn’t a goodbye.
but the longer yoongi gazes at his husband’s body, the more aware he grows of the differences between then and—impossibly—now.
half of his face is shadowed, moonlit fluorescence pouring on one side and his tall, straight nose serving as a line of demarcation.
when yoongi looks up, he meets taehyung’s eyes, and there’s a dreadful moment where the two of them lie stiff and still and stare at each other in the dark.
taehyung looks older.
it shows in the strong lines of his jaw, in the thick tendons on his neck, in his dark ovular eyes and his broad shoulders.
or maybe it’s yoongi’s mind that’s picked at the memories incessantly and twisted their frayed strands together to weave an unrecognizable picture.
the soft curve of the cupid’s bow that yoongi kissed when they lay together in the gazebo, painted in the orange sheen of the melting evening sun, is now deeper than he remembers, the moles on his waterline, his nose, his lip all darker, his eyebrows longer and thicker.
but the most obvious change is the long, thick black hair that sits in gentle waves around his face.
taehyung always kept his hair short; it was a nuisance during the warmer months when he needed to work in the fields for hours under the sun's glare.
except thick locks of hair hang before his eyes now, curls peeking out from behind his neck, and in a surreal moment of vulnerability, yoongi reaches out with a trembling hand as if to run his fingers through it like he’d done so many times before.
but he aborts the movement just as it quickly comes and crushes it in the sheets once again.
taehyung remains unmoving throughout yoongi’s turmoil, carefully watching yoongi with those deep unblinking eyes.
yoongi feels his dark stare crawl all over his body, taking in the gray blouse, the sleeves that reach his elbows, neckline that sits over his clavicles, the exposed midriff, petticoat tied above his belly-button and tangled between his legs, its hem resting just inches from where taehyung’s slender fingers have trapped his ankle.
the stillness stretches between them, and yoongi gasps when taehyung slowly leans forward and slides his fingers further up his leg, dragging the hem of his skirt up his calves.
the night air is cold.
rains are receding, and a new winter sits just at the horizon on its haunches.
goosebumps follow taehyung’s fingers, streaking across yoongi’s exposed skin, who shudders, fists his fingers in the sheets and parts his dry lips in a quiet shaky exhale.
"taehyung-ah," he whispers, voice quivering before it cracks wetly on the final syllable and settles thickly between them.
it sounds quiet even when everything around them stands still.
the rain’s stopped, and the entire house is silent, too quiet, too empty.
yoongi is convinced that this is a dream.
or a nightmare.
taehyung laughs to himself quietly.
his thumb slows, following the sparse scatter of hair on yoongi’s calf as if taking his time to memorise it, and yoongi feels like his ribs will fracture under the weight of his chest, so heavy that yoongi can only draw in shallow, wet inhales.
"yoongi," taehyung says again, lips curling at the corners and thumb now rubbing at his knee in small circles.
sharp points of ingrown hair bend under his touch, and when taehyung looks at him, yoongi can’t understand the expression on his face.
tall nose, defined philtrum, lashes long, and something dark and dreadful lurking behind those eyes.
taehyung brings his other hand to hold yoongi by both of his legs, grip loosening so he can rub down to yoongi’s ankles and slide his fingers back up under his skirt, just as slow.
each night yoongi dreamt of taehyung, he imagined that man who’d kiss him sweet and deep in the rain.
lips stained with strawberries and smiles too big for his face.
all eight of their cows named after classic bengali writers, and his big, calloused hands warm as they cupped yoongi’s jaw.
the man in front of him isn’t that taehyung.
it strikes him like thunder each time he blinks and sees him: jaw squared out, posture confident, none of that sweet innocence yoongi had grown familiar with.
"is it—" he croaks out, throat tightening around the impossible words, "it’s really you?"
light pours in through the curtains and traces the sharp and gentle slopes of taehyung’s face.
familiar and foreign, yoongi thinks, an eight-year landscape sprawling across his face that yoongi is a stranger to.
he wants to touch it, he thinks, like a starving man, and tightens his fists in the sheets till nails cut into his palms past the fabric.
taehyung watches him for a second that stretches into several.
silently, he rubs his thumb over the jut of yoongi’s pale knee under his skirt.
yoongi shudders then exhales.
"it’s me."
taehyung says, like a secret, and bends down to press a kiss into the crease of his folded knee.
when he raises his head, yoongi watches the dark eyes bore into his own.
"i’m back, sweetheart," his husband whispers quietly with reverence.
and yoongi can’t contain the strangled sound that tears from his throat.
his chest heaves, and yoongi slaps a hand over his face.
over his mouth.
sinking his teeth into the flesh there to stop himself from trembling and shaking as a storm wrecks his body.
taehyung runs slow palms up yoongi’s legs, over his knees and his thighs, pushing the fabric of his skirt all the way up, and yoongi squeezes his eyes shut.
another kiss inside his knee, slower.
taehyung spreads his legs apart so he can scoot closer between them.
"you don’t believe me?"
he says as he noses into the underside of his thigh and presses a kiss at the soft inner fat.
yoongi suppresses a shiver.
"i just—" yoongi starts, then stops to hold in a sob.
"i can’t—" he exhales wetly, throat constricting.
yoongi blinks back the tears and lifts his eyes to stare at the long drapes of silk that shroud them.
he can feel taehyung’s stare on him but can’t meet it.
taehyung doesn’t try to pry the words out of him.
instead, strong fingers come to curl around the sharp bone of yoongi’s hip, and taehyung pulls himself over his body till he has his mouth pressed against the fleshy middle of yoongi’s belly.
"it’s me," he shapes the words into yoongi’s skin, the hand still on yoongi’s thigh tightening its grip possessively.
when he looks back up at yoongi, yoongi feels like he’s going delirious, surrounded by taehyung’s scent, his hot exhales fanning against yoongi’s skin and his weight pinning yoongi’s lower body to the bed.
"i missed you, my love," his husband says sweetly— —and yoongi breaks.
he swallows around nothing, chokes on a dry sob as a steady stream of wetness trails down his cheek and enters his ear.
"i—" he tries and licks at the cracks on his chapped lips.
"shh," taehyung shushes him, pressing a series of soothing kisses against his quivering stomach as yoongi heaves out unsteady exhales.
a kiss on the divots of his hips, then the rise of his hip bones.
his fingers slide up and find the curve of yoongi’s waist, holding it while he untucks his legs so he can lie prone in the space between yoongi’s spread thighs.
he keeps his upper body propped up on his forearm and lifts yoongi’s leg by the thigh he’s holding, hooking it up his shoulder before diving in between yoongi’s open legs.
yoongi gasps.
taehyung’s hot exhales make him break out in full-body shiver.
petticoat a crushed pile of fabric bundled around his hips, yoongi’s head tips back against the pillows, mattress rolling in quiet protest when his spine arches up against the bed.
"you smell so good," taehyung rasps and immediately presses an open-mouthed kiss against his clit, languid and syrup-slow.
since his father’s death ten years ago, it has fallen upon taehyung, as the duke of the pluto province, to attend the trials that take place once every year, on the autumn equinoxe, in the court of the gods.
but despite having done it for a decade, the foreboding sensation doesn’t fail to climb up the column of his throat and constrict it, strangling all air out of him.
it is jungkook’s steady arm around his waist that keeps taehyung’s treacherous knees from buckling under him and depositing him on the cold marble floor.
taehyung places his own fingers atop jungkook’s hand that is gripping his hip tightly, and gives it a reassuring squeeze.
it doesn’t seem to convince his knight, but taehyung interlaces their fingers instead and forcefully removes jungkook’s hand from his hip.
he takes in a steadying breath, briefly squeezing his eyes shut before pushing them open with force and twisting around to meet jungkook’s gaze with a confidence he does not feel.
jungkook will see through him, but that is not significant.
they are about to enter the courtroom, and taehyung cannot let even a sliver of vulnerability show unless he wishes to invite the vultures to feast on him.
"it is as if you have no faith in me, kook-ah," taehyung says, forcing his lips into a playful grin as he teasingly pinches jungkook’s cheek and causes the younger boy to scowl.
"you wound me."
"it is not you whom i don’t trust."
jungkook darts a meaningful glance at the two large doors before them, eyeing them with a loathing that does not suit him.
fondness brims and spills over inside taehyung’s chest, his smile growing genuine when he chastises jungkook with a smack of a palm against the back of his neck.
"you make it sound like i am the one on trial," taehyung admonishes him, then strides forward in the dreadful direction.
"it makes no sense to delay the inevitable.
let us go and hope that it does not last a moonturn."
beyond the doors is a wide descending staircase that leads into a massive circular amphitheatre.
rows of raised seats, curving up into the sky like a basin, are congested with rowdy commoners, but taehyung hears all noise die into a cold silence when the sight of his arrival is caught.
he doesn’t let his steps falter, lifting his chin even higher once he emerges out of the arched stairwell and into the open courtroom.
there’s a silk shirt laced all the way up to his throat, and a thick black robe tied over his torso to provide him with some semblance of a protection, but taehyung still feels the hot brand of their gazes leave a crawl of blisters across his skin.
he stops for a moment to let his eyes wander across the enormous room.
there are nine thrones arranged around the room in a circular fashion, four on either side of the führer emperor, and large marble statues stand on the platforms behind their stations to ascertain their celestial status, all save for one.
taehyung sees the one seat devoid of all decoration and comfort, situated the furthest from the emperor’s throne.
there is no statue behind it to call for deference, and taehyung feels his feet carry him to his appointed seat for the evening while the silence gradually breaks into hushed scandalized murmurings of incredulity and curiosity.
the crowds of commoners seated in the cavea are openly jeering now, but taehyung is nothing but accustomed to them.
he takes his place on what is a mockery of his throne, given to him not out of any respect for his authority, but with the purpose of having him displayed for open disdain.
jungkook takes his post behind taehyung as his knight, and taehyung lets himself curl into the cold stone of his throne as he watches the doors for the others to appear.
he’s the first to arrive, which does not surprise him, but it gives him a few moments to compose his calm before the trials begin.
he expects—maybe—a few petty charges of infidelity.
cheating wives and sleazy husbands, snide comments and political posturing, everything that has become habitual of these annual trials.
they are exhausting at best, but taehyung has never been interested in studying the ever-changing tides of political powerplay.
for him, it is simply a night of humiliation where he has to clench his teeth and smile through the thinly veiled insults that fly at him as part of the night’s entertainment.
yoongi always says that taehyung isn’t built for politics.
he never means it crudely.
it is said with fondness and a hand that tucks in taehyung’s stubborn hair behind his ear.
an open book, yoongi would always drawl affectionately and with a lilt of guilt.
yoongi is the one suited for politics, and taehyung imagines yoongi in his place.
his brother would never tuck himself into his throne the way taehyung does, shoulders curled in and head bent low, afraid of meeting anybody’s eyes.
no, taehyung imagines yoongi leaning back against the throne like he belongs in it, eyes sharp and lips pulled into a predatory smirk.
with his quick wit and his sharp tongue, taehyung has no doubt that his brother would have everybody sitting straighter in their seats.
but instead of him, it is taehyung wearing his throne like an ill-fitting robe, like a child trying to play king, and yoongi is back at the palace, trying to run the province and keep their people from starving and freezing to death.
the loud sound of the doors opening has taehyung’s head snapping up, fright seizing his senses before he lowers it down once again.
loud footsteps against the marble floor resound through the courtroom as the crowds fall into a revered silence.
taehyung can’t tell how many of them sweep into the room with a careless luxurious grace that he could never afford.
the footsteps eventually disperse as the gods part to take their thrones.
taehyung’s eyes are still lowered, fixed so firmly on his hands resting in his lap, that the sudden pull at his hair takes him by shock.
fingers grab the hair at the back of his neck and firmly yank at them to force taehyung to look up and meet the eyes of the man standing before him.
jimin’s face holds no expression, although taehyung is accustomed to that.
the viscount of venus is donned in loose robes that reveal his pale torso, a stark contrast to the thick black attire that covers every inch of taehyung's skin even in the stifling heat of the court.
gold glitters against his skin, and jimin’s red eyes narrow into slits.
"good to see you," he says, and his face still doesn’t reveal anything, perfected to resemble a stone sculpture.
but taehyung feels his grip on his hair loosen, then soothe where he had pulled.
to anybody spectating from a distance, it would look like an encounter meant to humiliate taehyung.
but out of everybody in the room, jimin is the closest thing to a friend he has.
although, with jimin, he can never tell what he’s really thinking.
the viscount has often sought his company, but taehyung can never tell if jimin just finds him entertaining, or if their relation is something closer to a genuine friendship.
jimin’s hand strokes taehyung’s neck briefly before he retreats his hand, fingers brushing taehyung’s jaw and tilting his chin up in the process.
"keep your head up."
with that, jimin strides away to take his place two thrones away, right beside the emperor.
taehyung watches him sprawl on his throne with an ease that he envies.
it is true that jimin has the emperor’s highest favour, and it would be a joke to say that taehyung has any.
fifteen years ago, pluto was found responsible for leading an attempt to usurp the royal family.
fifteen years ago, taehyung’s father lost the emperor’s favour as well as the sun.
and ever since their disgrace, pluto has lived in an inescapable winter all year long, and all of taehyung and yoongi’s pleas to the empire have been denied, or worse ignored.
despite having his title, taehyung holds no power in the court.
and this display is just to illustrate that.
they give him a seat in this room, but just so he can be openly humiliated and dragged through the mud.
nobody spares taehyung a glance as they sweep into the room and occupy their thrones.
mercury and venus are situated on either side of the emperor.
further away are mars and jupiter, then saturn and uranus, and lastly, neptune and pluto who are positioned right across the room.
the baron of neptune is possibly the only one who matches taehyung’s degree of disinterest in the entire evening.
he sits with his cheek in his palm, eyes lidded with impatience, but taehyung doesn’t fool himself into imagining a camaraderie between them.
taehyung has no allies here, and it’s best that he never forgets that.
there is a long stretch of silence where all eight of them remain seated, unmoving and unspeaking, but it breaks when, all of a sudden, taehyung hears a faint thud in the distance.
he jerks to sit straighter in his seat, and the sound comes again in quick succession.
it sounds like heavy metal colliding against stone, again and again, gaining volume with each impact in the way that only means one thing eyes growing wide, taehyung leans forward in his seat to peer down at the giant stage below the court.
there is a long spiralling staircase that winds straight down into the depths of the mouth of the giant titan snake, ekhis.
it is a prison for only the crudest of crimes.
certainly, no god had committed an offence worthy of being sentenced to that sunless abyss.
but, to his horror, two figures emerge from the stairwell and onto the stage, and taehyung feels his body grow stiff when he recognises the first face.
kim seokjin, an earthling who was granted knighthood by the royal family, is a man who taehyung is deeply familiar with.
seokjin’s face looks grim, frozen to stone, and crushed in his fist is the tail end of a leash.
when taehyung’s gaze travels the length of the leash and meets the face of the man behind seokjin, jungkook’s hand has to grab him hard by the shoulder to keep his body from crumpling and falling to the floor on his knees in utter anguish.
the entire court bursts into an explosion of shocked whispers that spread like waves across the concentric rows of seats in the cavea, but crown prince jung hoseok’s shoulders remain taut and defiant, and his face shows no sign of shame or remorse.
his torso is bare and shows evidence of his time spent in the pits of ekhis’ stomach.
long bloody scars criss-cross across his golden skin, and the tight leash digs into the chafed skin of his throat as he is pulled into the center of the stage, then kicked at the back of his knees.
his armor makes the same loud noise when it collides against the stone floor of the stage, and hoseok falls to his knees, palms splayed out in front of him and his spine curved inward in forced deference.
taehyung can hear himself panting, chest heaving loudly with every sharp breath he inhales.
jungkook’s nails dig harder into his shoulder to keep him composed, and taehyung lets him push him back into his throne, but his eyes don’t move from where hoseok is bent on the floor, the new position revealing yet another mass of deep red mangled wounds on his back.
his attention, however, is snatched when another figure is led onto the stage.
two guards are shoving a man towards the stage, and from his appearance alone, taehyung can make out that this man is an ordinary earthling.
his confusion about the nature of hoseok’s crime only grows when the earthling is led to the center of the stage where a wooden post is dug into the ground.
the post is used for executions, the slow, violent kind—this court’s favourite type of entertainment, and taehyung watches the man step up to the post before the guards behind him begin to tie him to it.
what is the most surprising, however, is when hoseok lifts his head at the sound of the commotion and his eyes catch sight of the newcomer.
a look of pure terror crosses hoseok’s hard features for one fleeting moment, mouth going slack and eyes going wide with horror, before it dissolves into something stormy and rigid.
but that one moment alone tells taehyung the truth of the nature of his transgression.
a god falling in love with a mortal is quite possibly the greatest offence they can commit to their duty, and taehyung finds himself examining the earthling’s features out of some deep vengeful curiosity.
the man looks as if he’s already accepted his fate.
his head hangs low, and his matted and overgrown, dirty locks of hair fall in front of his face and hide his eyes from view.
his arms are bent around the curvature of the wooden post that he is bound to, thick ropes tying the wrists together and keeping him from falling face-first into the floor.
taehyung can tell that the man is handsome despite his downtrodden form, but before he has the chance to examine him any further, the doors to the court open once again.
with an unmistakable distinguished air that radiates regality, the emperor strides inside the room, and he does it with an imposing impression of uncare.
without even a glance in his son’s direction, he settles heavily in his throne on the other end of the room, and everybody in the room seems to sit straighter in their seats as well.
"presenting his imperial majesty, führer emperor sol invictus."
with precision, everybody stands up and bends fully at the waist.
a familiar ache flares up in his side when he follows the etiquette, but taehyung clenches his teeth and keeps his position, clenching his palms into fists to stop himself from reaching down to grab his waist.
the emperor makes an acceding gesture, and taehyung tries not to let the relief show when he slides back down into his seat.
he sees an advocate approach the emperor with a long parchment in his hands before he begins to read the charges against hoseok out loud.
"jung hoseok, the crown prince as well as the general of the imperial army, was accused of being romantically involved with an earthling—" roars of whispers erupt in the courtroom, and immediately, all eyes turn to look at the pitiful man bound to the post.
"kim namjoon," the advocate continues, "who is a scholar under general jung’s command.
he’s also a part of the general’s personal squad.
soldiers who have seen the two interact report that they’ve witnessed their relationship cross what is customary of a superior and subordinate."
"objection," a voice loudly drawls out, and taehyung sees seokjin step up next to the advocate and bow before the emperor.
at the common looks of confusion across the court, seokjin straightens and lifts his hand to introduce himself.
"kim seokjin, lieutenant general of the imperial army and also the defendant’s representative.
general jung has been nothing but dignified in his relationship with kim namjoon.
i’d like to ask a few questions to these supposed witnesses to confirm their credibility."
at the emperor’s assent, the first witness is called to stand before the court.
it is a soldier who had been the first to report the offence to the court.
he is a slight man who carries himself with a confidence that seems to falter when kim seokjin looms over him with an unamused expression.
"could you please tell the court why you felt it necessary to report an improper relationship between the crown prince and scholar kim namjoon?"
the man puffs out his chest, chin high with moral superiority as he announces loudly, "it is a crime of the highest degree.
i felt it was my duty to report it."
"and what gave you reason to believe that such a crime had transpired?"
the man’s mouth purses with displeasure.
"i saw them."
"you saw them?"
seokjin echoes dubiously, eyebrows lifting.
"what, precisely, did you see?"
this time, the man falters slightly, like he hadn’t been prepared to be interrogated about it.
but he regains his footing once again and straightens his shoulders before he speaks.
"i saw scholar kim namjoon leave the general’s personal quarters early in the morning."
seokjin’s lips quirk up slightly, cruelly, like a predator moments away from pouncing atop his prey.
"you witnessed scholar kim leaving the general’s personal quarters early in the morning?"
he asks but doesn’t give the man a chance to respond.
"in other words, you didn’t truly witness anything incriminating?
your claim was based entirely on speculation?"
the man suddenly looks discomposed.
"n-no," he stammers, "i mean, general jung never lets mortals enter his personal quarters.
i’m being honest.
we have all tried to gain his favour, at some point or another.
but he never let anybody else enter his quarters.
only scholar kim was on the receiving end of the special treatment.
it wasn’t hard to see that they had an unusual relationship."
"special treatment?
please elaborate."
"there are several instances, like whenever there was a conflict between the strategists, the general always chose to side with scholar kim’s argument.
everybody knew that he was his favourite."
seokjin makes a thoughtful humming sound as he rubs at his chin with his finger.
despite the act, taehyung knows that he needs to do no amount of thinking.
he’s got the witness right where he wants him.
"let me clarify one thing," seokjin looks up at the man, voice deceptively neutral, "what do you mean when you said that all of you tried to gain his favor?
did the others fancy the general?"
"i mean—" the man looks flustered, "it’s no secret.
everyone in his squad fancied him.
but we never stood a chance."
"so, all of you fancied the crown prince.
and kim namjoon was favoured by him.
please excuse me, but from where i stand, it seems to me that your claim was clouded by your envy of kim namjoon."
"i would never—" the man starts to refute, face aghast, but seokjin’s got his claws in him.
"you despised namjoon because general jung favoured him over the lot of you," he cuts the man off, voice raising, "and when you spotted him leave the general’s quarters, your jealousy caused you to fabricate claims that you did not bother to confirm."
the man gapes at him, but seokjin cares little for that as he twists around to face the emperor abruptly.
"your royal highness, i do not believe this man’s claims hold any credence.
they’re founded on the man’s affections for the crown prince, and his envy of scholar kim namjoon."
the emperor has his elbow propped on the armrest, and his cheek rests on his fist with an uncaring ease as he makes an impatient gesture at seokjin, as if telling him to move past the theatrics and go on.
the process repeats as seokjin tears apart the second witness as well, humiliating them in public and questioning their claim’s credibility.
the third and final witness is the washerwoman who washes the soldiers’ clothing.
"i never scrutinise the men’s garments," she begins nervously, most definitely worried that seokjin will go down that route, "but it took me by surprise when i found the general’s clothes mixed with another man’s."
"and that was surprising to you because?"
the woman seems to shrink into herself at seokjin’s sharp tone.
"it—i—" she stammers, shoulders shrivelling and chin pressed firmly to her sternum, "i saw some unsavory stains on them."
taehyung clenches his fingers that are fisted tight in the fabric of his robes, but seokjin doesn’t seem like the admission took him by surprise.
"right," he drawls.
"lady oh, wasn’t it?"
"yes?"
"i brought the camp’s healer here to confirm my claims, but have you or have you not seen the healer due to your poor eyesight?"
"that has no—" "yes or no, please."
"yes, but—" "that’ll suffice.
my second question to you is: have you or have you not received complaints by the gentlemen who sometimes received garments that did not belong to them?"
when the woman doesn’t answer, seokjin raises an eyebrow and looks up from the parchment in his hands and at her.
"lady oh?
will you give your answer?"
when she doesn’t respond, can’t even get herself to look up with how much she’s trembling, seokjin sighs.
"there were complaints regarding your disassortment of the soldiers’ clothing, which is why you had decided to visit the healer.
with such frequent precedents of your poor performance, would it not be reasonable to doubt whether the clothes you claim belong to the crown prince and kim namjoon truly belonged to them?"
the woman is shaking, lips quivering to hold back all noise, and taehyung wonders how long it would drag on.
as it plays out, he doesn’t have to wait much longer, because the emperor lifts a hand, and immediately, all eyes turn to look at him as if out of innate obedience.
"seokjin-ah, i commend your efforts to save my son.
thank you.
but this is rather unnecessary.
let us not humiliate these good people any further.
there are easier ways to find the truth."
he then lets his eyes slide to look down at the stage where hoseok’s spine is still bent fully, his forehead touching the ground before him.
"you say you do not hold any emotion of affection for this man?"
the entire room falls silent as they watch hoseok slowly get his elbows on the floor and push himself up so he stares back at his father.
taehyung holds his breath "no," hoseok says, the first time he’s spoken during the night.
the wind is strong and cool against her cheeks, and yoongi’s bangs fall into her eyes, obscuring her view of the boy stood before her, wringing his fingers where he’s got them clasped before him in nervousness.
taehyung, as he’d quietly introduced himself to her after he rushed out of the cafe doors behind her, looks up at yoongi from between his lashes.
tall, sloping nose-bridge, a soft dip of his upper lip, a single double-lid mirroring yoongi’s own.
he’s pretty, impossibly.
"is this a prank?"
yoongi’s voice comes out sharper than she'd intended it to be, and she watches taehyung flinch slightly, but she pushes on, slightly irritated but mostly incredulous, "did your friends dare you to chase me out here and ask me out?
are they recording this somewhere?"
when yoongi leans to the side to search for the friends that she’s certain are hiding in the cafe or in the street adjacent to it, with their phones out and smirks etched to their lips, taehyung’s hands shoot out as if to hold yoongi by the shoulders, but they freeze before his fingers make contact with the fabric of yoongi’s dress.
yoongi returns to her original orientation and watches as taehyung retreats his hands shamefully.
his head is bent, eyes now firmly pinned to the pavement, and yoongi watches him bite his lip and speak, quietly and carefully.
"it’s—it’s not a prank.
we were in the experimental sound workshop together.
you were cute, and i—i like you..."
he trails off, and yoongi considers him for a long moment.
taehyung grows more hesitant as the silence stretches, shoulders curling inwards and bangs now hanging off his forehead, long enough to conceal his eyes.
there is nothing to consider, and yoongi straightens herself, pulling herself out of the careless slouch and gripping the cup of coffee in her hand with more force.
"i’m sorry, but it’s a no from me."
that has taehyung’s head snapping up to meet yoongi’s eyes.
yoongi keeps her face expressionless, even as taehyung looks crushed, eyes growing wider the longer yoongi speaks.
"we’ve never even spoken.
you don’t know me.
so you can’t like me.
you thought i looked nice, which basically translates to you wanted to hookup with me," taehyung’s lips part, as if to protest, but yoongi goes on, "but i don’t do hookups.
hell, i don’t even look like this on most days."
she gestures towards her dress and watches taehyung’s wide eyes roam across her nicest outfit—a short yellow sundress, tight at the chest and flaring under it—before snapping back to yoongi’s face.
it’s true.
this is quite possibly the dressiest she’s looked in her entire postgrad year, and there’s no significant reason for it either.
she had a study date with a classmate who'd bailed after yoongi already ordered her coffee, so she has already deemed the trip wasted and had marched out of the cafe to return to the studio where she could get some work done before the day ended for good.
but now she’s stood before a cute guy, turning him down because the opposite just seems too fanciful, something she would usually only just dream about for a minute before her pragmatic nature would squash it.
"i’m sorry, i don’t have a single reason to say yes."
taehyung looks down again, and absently, yoongi thinks he looks like a dejected puppy, but she wills herself to remain strong.
she thinks he’s about to give up, and he should.
yoongi despises men who cannot take a no.
but something about taehyung has already started to melt her.
he’s handsome, in a way that yoongi never thought to see together in the same frame as herself.
she isn’t blind, but she isn’t stupid either.
she knows better than to accept advances like this; confessions from strangers, she knows better than to set herself up like that.
"you’re right," taehyung speaks, and it pulls yoongi out of her thoughts.
"we don’t know each other.
but, can i try?
can i try to get to know you?"
yoongi squeezes her eyes shut, feeling her stomach tightening and sinking.
like she hadn’t heard that before countless times.
she opens her eyes and finds taehyung watching her face hopefully, and yoongi has been keeping track of everywhere taehyung’s gaze has roamed across her body.
not once have his eyes stopped at her chest, and it makes her fingers clench her cup tighter.
the bar is so low, she berates herself, but it’s better than anybody she’s been with.
taehyung is still watching her, round eyes going rounder, the evening sun melting in the distance and pouring across taehyung’s skin, painting it orange and golden.
she already knows it’s a mistake before the words pour out of her, a familiar dread cementing under her skin as the knowledge of inevitable destruction looms on the horizon.
"here’s what we’re going to do."
taehyung’s eyes are wide and alert, and yoongi is a fool.
"there’s a subway not far from here.
we’re going to go there and you’re going to pay for my sandwich and we can talk.
if, after an hour, you still want to date me, and i want to see you again, we can do that.
is that okay?"
taehyung’s responding smile is wide, bigger than his face, and he doesn’t even try to hide or downplay his excitement as he nods.
yoongi shouldn’t find it as endearing as she does.
but the dread tightening her stomach slowly loosens as they walk along the street together, and when taehyung weaves their fingers together, a sheepish grin and question in his eyes, yoongi allows him.
and when he stops to pet three different dogs on their way, yoongi allows that too, provided that taehyung’s fingers gravitate back to the gaps between her own.
when their mini-date ends and taehyung, hesitantly, asks if he can leave his number with yoongi, yoongi lets him.
and when he leans down to kiss yoongi on the cheek, yoongi lets him do that too.
and if yoongi texts him at night, a simple: "it was fun, thanks.
when’s our next date?"
then nobody has to know.
rain pours down on them with the force of a torrent of pellets, and taehyung’s arms tighten painfully around yoongi's waist.
yoongi grits his teeth but holds his tongue.
the proximity cannot be avoided since it was yoongi's own carelessness that caused his horse to be robbed two days into their trip.
now taehyung's horse has to bear both of their weight, and yoongi feels too aware of his husband's wet body pressed so entirely against his, his front curved over yoongi's back and their thighs slotted together intimately, and yoongi has never before been so conscious of the difference in their bodies.
but where taehyung’s thighs are broad and tan, built with hardened muscles suited for horseback riding, yoongi’s thighs are thin and pale, appearing almost fragile when caged inside taehyung’s spread legs.
the silence between them hangs heavier than the storm, broken only by the roaring thunder above their heads.
but as much as yoongi doesn't want to be the one to break the frosty silence that has followed them for the better part of their day, they've been trudging in the storm for nearly an hour and yoongi desperately wants to suggest that they camp under the shade of a tree instead of searching for an inn.
they've gotten into arguments before; yoongi can hardly recall them conversing during the first few days without it escalating into raised voices and poorly concealed taunts, but none of them have been quite like this.
their fights are loud.
taehyung, from what little yoongi has learnt of him in the few weeks they've spent in close quarters, is prone to emotional outbursts.
where yoongi bottles everything inside him till no evidence of it can be seen on his face, taehyung bursts out like a dam, loud and open and honest.
it's a privilege, in yoongi's brutal opinion, to be able to be so expressive.
yoongi, on the other hand, has been disciplined to mask every fibre of discomfort, irritation, and anger in his body.
but taehyung is silent now, and for some reason, it is even more telling of his emotions.
"i can see an inn up ahead," taehyung suddenly breaks the silence between them for the first time after hours, having to shout to be heard over the roar of the storm, and yoongi lifts his head and tries to see what taehyung is speaking of, but it's hard to spot anything in the dark with rainwater spilling into his eyes.
however, it seems like taehyung speaks the truth because as they draw closer, the trees thin out and yoongi can make out the dark building erected up ahead of them.
it's not too big, but yoongi is far from complaining.
he feels taehyung press his legs tighter against his horse, and the horse quickens its pace as taehyung leads it towards the inn.
it isn’t far, and taehyung and yoongi are quick to dismount the horse to enter the blissful shade that the inn provides.
from there, taehyung takes over.
he unwraps his own black robes to cover yoongi’s shivering body, and even though yoongi would typically scorn such a gesture, he settles for nodding once, jerkily, in gratitude as the violent shivers wrack his body.
hesitance pulls at taehyung’s brows when he has to leave yoongi alone at the threshold while he speaks with the innkeeper, but yoongi pushes him lightly at the chest, and taehyung twists around to approach the innkeeper.
their conversation is brief, and yoongi can already tell its outcome from the tight set of taehyung’s jaw, before his husband, ultimately, bows once in gratitude and returns to yoongi’s side with a somber face and a set of dry clothes in his arms.
"he says they do not have room for us, but he shall let us have the barn and a tub of warm water for the night."
it is not ideal, but yoongi is nodding anyway.
it is not as if their journey has been a luxury so far.
yoongi is no stranger to hardship, but he would give just about anything to be able to shed his soaked robes and ease into a tub of warm water to soothe the shivers.
when the innkeeper points towards the barn, taehyung and yoongi make a run for its shade and secure the horse to the post outside, under the awning just big enough to shelter it from the weather.
the innkeeper’s wife brings the warm water to them, and taehyung awkwardly turns around and gives yoongi as much privacy as their lodging allows, while yoongi sheds the clothes stuck to every inch of his body.
with each layer that peels off his skin, yoongi feels all the more aware of the little distance between him and his husband.
they’ve never seen each other without clothes before even though yoongi had prepared himself for the moment before their marriage.
but his husband has been unlike all that yoongi thought and expected of him.
truthfully, yoongi hadn’t expected much.
each time he catches sight of the hard fury lining hoseok’s tight jaw while the older man jerks open the various pockets and flaps in his rucksack in search for his medical supplies, taehyung shrinks further into himself where he’s awkwardly perched at the edge of hoseok’s bed.
anger is not a look the corporal bares on his face often.
he’s known for his sunny disposition across their company, even on the training ring where his smiles are more terrifying than comforting, but it is also why the knowledge that his anger is directed at him makes taehyung want to dig a hole into the ground and bury his head in it, just for a little while.
the silence hangs heavy in the tent, and taehyung’s stomach churns with dread.
he’s almost forgotten about the scrapes on his face until he sees hoseok return with a wet cloth, bandages, and ointment, and just the sight of him has taehyung straightening his spine out of habit.
hoseok sits on the bed in front of taehyung, close enough for their knees to touch, and taehyung doesn’t meet his eyes, gaze fixed on the floor until he feels familiar fingers on his chin, firmly pulling his face up.
"i’m not upset," hoseok starts once taehyung looks at him, but taehyung stares at his thin lips curled in a triangle of displeasure and remains unconvinced.
hoseok rolls his eyes slightly, then taps at taehyung’s chin with a finger.
taehyung obediently lifts it, and hoseok brings the wet cloth to his jaw, cleaning the dirt and dried blood there.
"i’m not upset with you," hoseok clarifies with a sigh, voice now betraying his exhaustion.
"i just don’t want you throwing yourself headfirst at every bastard out there."
taehyung feels his cheeks burn at the obvious chastisement.
but he’s stubborn, and he clenches his teeth against the sting of the wet cloth grazing torn skin before biting out, "so i shouldn’t have done that?"
hoseok’s hand pauses very briefly before he starts cleaning the cut above his eyebrow, silent until he finishes.
"no.
i don’t think you needed to do that," he responds calmly.
taehyung feels the storm that has been brewing under his skin all this time flare out unbridled.
"so those assholes," he grits out and watches hoseok pull away till they’re staring at each other with matching muted fury, "can do whatever the fuck they want, and i should—what?
let them think they can get away with it?"
hoseok’s face is hard, tension coiled in the lines of his features, until he squeezes his eyes shut and schools it into something that’s more familiar to taehyung.
when he looks at taehyung again, he looks tired.
he’s not that much older than him, but something about him makes him feel distant by years, the jaded lines in his face speaking of the years of battles that taehyung, with his born privilege, would never have to face.
"the world is filled with assholes," hoseok says now, exhausted.
"how many of them will you fight, huh?
till they break you?
it’s not worth it."
taehyung believes him, but he can’t accept it.
not when his fists are stained with the blood of men who believe status is above all skill, who, just by virtue of their birth and a physiology that gives them a knot, believe that they’re entitled to question the authority and competence of everybody not born the same as them.
"you really think i was being ridiculous?
impulsive?"
hoseok doesn’t respond right away.
taehyung watches the scarring on his ear where a bullet had once grazed him years ago, mere centimeters from his skull.
once hoseok starts to clean the skin around his eyes, taehyung lets them fall shut.
when he pulls them open again, hoseok is watching him with an inscrutable emotion in his eyes.
the dim evening light has softened the scars on his face, making him look less like the veteran fighter that he is, but more like the man that taehyung has gradually, inescapably fallen in love with.
"you have a big, bleeding heart, taehyung-ah."
there is a fondness in hoseok’s voice, but taehyung can’t help but tense up at the words.
"but the world isn’t built as kind.
you should know that."
"so, then—childish?"
taehyung grits out.
"you think i’m being childish."
hoseok sighs, shuddering out a tired exhale, and he drops the wet cloth now.
picking up the ointment, he squeezes out some of it on his finger before gently applying it where taehyung’s skin has torn open.
taehyung hisses but holds still for hoseok’s careful hands.
"you know that’s not what i mean.
it’s just not worth you getting hurt."
from the outside, it may seem like hoseok wears his heart on his sleeve, sunny smiles on his face and easy affection in his touches.
but taehyung knows him a bit better now.
after a year spent training under him, and nights spent panting into his mouth, he knows how rarely hoseok lets his vulnerabilities show.
he’s good at hiding them under inches of thick skin, even better at tactfully keeping people at a distance.
an enigma concealed under a deceptive film of sunlit smiles.
but taehyung is observant.
and hoseok’s fists, his delicate, deadly hands, had shaken the entire time he’d pulled taehyung away from the band of knotheads and dragged him into his personal tent.
even now, his shoulders have a defensive curve to them, everything about him subdued and muted, and the sight only hardens taehyung’s resolve.
"you’re worth it," taehyung whispers, then lifts his chin in defiance and reverence, both in equal measures, as he stares at hoseok and closes his fingers around hoseok’s wrist, bringing those hardened knuckles to his lips and kissing them, voice firmer when he clarifies, "you’re worth fighting for."
hoseok’s mouth parts slightly in flustered surprise, but then he’s raising an imperious eyebrow, lips twitching into an amused smile.
"am i now?"
intimidated, but not easily shaken, taehyung grins big and boxy.
he leans forward, still gripping hoseok’s hand tight with his own as he presses his cold lips to the prominent bone of hoseok’s cheek.
"you are," he whispers close to his scarred ear, briefly tracing the roughened skin there before hoseok jerks his hand out of taehyung’s hold and slaps at his chest hard, pushing him back.
"stay still," hoseok mutters, and his ears burn red.
taehyung smiles so wide and giddy, his cheeks ache.
he does remain still for hoseok to dress his wounds, and the older man remains silent the entire time.
it takes so long that, ultimately, taehyung realises hoseok is teasing him.
grabbing hoseok’s wrists in his hands, taehyung looks at him straight in the eye, unamused, and hoseok’s mask breaks in an instant as he bursts into a full-bodied cackling laugh.
"you big baby," he says, smiling, before finally, finally, leaning in to press their mouths together, and taehyung releases his wrists in favour of sliding them up his arms, his shoulders, the sides of his neck, until he can cup hoseok’s face in his hands and brush his thumbs against his cheeks.
and suddenly he can’t contain the depths of his emotions, wants no longer to keep it to himself.
it’s redundant, his feelings are surely fairly obvious to hoseok by now, but he wants to say it anyway—his chest is going to burst open if he doesn’t.
"i love you," he whispers into the kiss, breathless, and when hoseok pulls away, he doesn’t look surprised even though these are uncharted waters between them, feelings that neither of them had confessed because attachment is a foolish soldier’s mistake and war is never generous to anybody.
yet— "i love you too," hoseok is breathing into his mouth, and taehyung feels all air leave him.
"so don’t fight for me, mm?
i’m already yours."
that’s not what taehyung meant, and they both know it.
but before taehyung can make a sound, hoseok is pulling him closer and pressing their foreheads together before he seals taehyung’s lips shut again with his own.
yoongi is dragged from his slumber with soft kisses and dry lips that descend down the slope of his neck.
he hums deep in his chest, eyelids still heavy and weighed down by the fog of sleep as the kisses slowly grow more insistent and sloppy.
when he tries to shift, he finds his wrists are pinned to the bed above him.
there is a weight on his chest, and it has his eyelids lifting, blinking as his sight gradually adjusts to the dark.
neck twisted to the side, yoongi sees his husband on the other end of the bed.
taehyung is lying on his side, robes parting to reveal a golden chest and an elbow propping him up as he too watches yoongi with lidded eyes.
if his husband isn’t who is lying on top of him, then— "yoongi, sweetheart," a sweet voice croons in his ear, and it is as frightening as it is familiar.
"won’t you look at me?"
stiff with dread and anticipation, yoongi slowly twists his head to the side and comes face to face with those flat black eyes that reflect no light.
seokjin’s lips stretch unnaturally wide, like a knife sliced the corners of his lips even further, revealing a row of glittering teeth behind them.
and yoongi has to remind himself to breathe when seokjin’s tongue twists and swipes at his gums that are lined red with blood.
"did you miss me, darling?"
his voice is a melodic breathy whisper, a cheap imitation of what it used to be.
even his face holds none of seokjin’s warmth, so cold and hard, the once handsome features now haunting.
because this is the truth: this isn’t seokjin, the man whom yoongi once loved and lost.
this isn’t him.
yet, it is his face, his voice, his body and his touch that haunts yoongi every twenty-seventh moonturn.
and when those cold fingers slide down yoongi’s ribs, his hips and his thighs, nails dig into flesh, and he hisses.
"speak to me, love."
the voice says, so sweet despite the threat.
this seokjin isn’t as patient, yoongi has had to learn.
this seokjin likes to leave imprints of his touch on yoongi’s body, fingers around his throat and thin crescents of nails on his thighs that last the days until he visits them again.
taehyung’s stare bores into the side of his face, and like always, it has yoongi’s breaths come out sharper in his throat, harsher.
"i did," he whispers into the dark, breathless, but his chin is being jerked up until he’s forced to meet seokjin’s lifeless eyes.
"what was that?
louder please, sweetheart."
"i m-missed you," yoongi stutters, and he watches as grim satisfaction settles on seokjin’s face, briefly, before those red lips twist cruelly again.
"are you quite certain?"
the words are accompanied by one of seokjin’s hands slipping down between his legs, and when two of his fingers abruptly sink inside yoongi’s entrance that’s still loose and wet with taehyung’s cum, he sneers, "it seems like you’ve been occupied without me."
yoongi’s thighs squeeze close out of instinct, but seokjin’s hands are immediately forcing them apart.
his strength crushes all of yoongi’s weak attempts at resistance, and yoongi is helplessly bent in half when seokjin slaps both of his thighs against his torso.
he can’t move, pinned to the bed and folded in half, can’t do much other than groan when seokjin pulls his fingers out of him and replaces them with his thick cock.
yoongi screams then, his throat hoarse from sliding ceaselessly on taehyung’s cock earlier in the night.
the ache of being filled so full, he doesn’t expect it.
seokjin was always so big—and when he slams into him in one solid thrust, bottoming out immediately, yoongi’s spine bows off the bed, a pained cry caught in his throat before it could leave him.
seokjin slides out of him and kicks his hips forward again, pelvis meeting the curve of yoongi’s ass, and yoongi crumbles into a trembling, sobbing mess underneath him.
"look at your husband," seokjin purrs in his ear, voice hot and moist, and yoongi’s head is slammed onto its side till his neck is twisted and he’s staring at taehyung’s deep and dark, stormy eyes.
"give him a show, yeah?
show him how good i fuck you."
the whimper spills from yoongi’s pliant lips before he can stop it.
seokjin’s cock is so thick, he can’t help himself; each brutal thrust makes yoongi feel like he’ll rip open at the seams.
and he claws at the bedsheets, twists and thrashes as he sobs, while the dark fury on taehyung’s face only grows, lining the edges of his hard jaw.
seokjin fucks him relentlessly, slamming into him so hard, yoongi’s body is thrown back a few inches each time, only held in place by seokjin’s fingers pinning his wrists above him.
the entire time, yoongi stares at taehyung through the blur of the tears that stream down his cheeks.
his husband doesn’t speak a word; he never does on these nights.
but the rage is evident on his face even in the dark.
and by the time seokjin is done with him, disappearing into ill-lit night with the promise of returning once the moon completes its next circle, yoongi can’t make a sound, throat so dry and arms so weak, he can’t push taehyung away when his husband climbs over him and out of jealousy—or a petty possessiveness, yoongi doesn’t know—cleaves him open once more to have his turn.
as winter approaches, daylight grows precious, and the dark crawls in quick and eager.
yoongi tries to keep his panic from swelling when he sees no sign of taehyung’s return from the forest.
the sky is a dull gray, too dark to be cloudy but too pale to be night, and yoongi’s fingers shake with the urgency to lock the doors and windows, but he curls them into fists and focuses on preparing the chicken for dinner.
to lock the house when the daylight dies is an unspoken rule.
if one of them doesn’t return by nightfall, then there’s a good chance that they aren’t returning at all.
but things are different now, yoongi reminds himself and grits his teeth as the stove sputters and the gas catches alight.
the two of them are no longer strangers trying to survive on the desolate wasteland of seoul.
they have a house, a farm, and a life together.
things are different now.
he sets the pot of water to boil.
they’ve been running low on firewood and the approaching winter is going to be brutal, which is why taehyung had ventured into the forest early in the day, braving his boots and the morning chill as he hung his axe over his shoulder and disappeared between the thicket of long dark trees.
he hasn’t returned still, and the house feels eerie without taehyung to fill the air in it with mindless chatter or the soft hum of a song he remembered from the past.
his husband has always been the one to fill in the silent vacuums between them with conversation.
it is a little needless since it’s just the two of them in the house and little happens in their day, but yoongi has learnt that loneliness is a disease as deadly as any, and the two of them only have each other, so taehyung talks.
he talks about his plans to further the farm, about the weather and the wind and what they’d bode for them.
he’ll often talk about the little musings in his head, and sometimes, on rare occasions, he’ll speak about the people from his past.
a boy and friend, jimin.
a boy and lover, hoseok.
they haven’t heard from or about either of them in years, which really only ever means one thing, but yoongi hears taehyung fiddling with the radio every other week anyway.
the house feels so still without all of that noise, and yoongi can feel the silence encroaching on him.
he feels like he should be bracing for something, but he doesn’t know what.
the forest beyond the windows is dark, long thin trees rising from the ground like the dead, and yoongi checks the sky again for the fifth time in the past ten minutes.
the light is going to die completely in an hour’s time, and whatever beasts reside inside the forest will come out to hunt.
yoongi’s fingers come to touch his hip instinctively, feeling the long dark scar throb once again in phantom ache.
it stretches from his hip bone and runs all the way across the underside of his stomach, an injury that would’ve certainly killed him if taehyung hadn’t dragged his body back to the house in time.
what beasts live in the forests, yoongi doesn’t know.
all he knows is that this earth is no longer hospitable to them and that humans are a dying breed.
yoongi honestly can’t recall when he last saw one of their own, somebody that wasn’t taehyung or his late grandfather.
perhaps in seoul, but seoul is a wasteland like all big cities are.
the apocalypse wiped out all urban life, and the cities where humans once thrived have now become wastelands.
the few survivors like them have taken to self-sustaining agrarian lifestyles outside the cities.
yoongi had escaped to the outskirts of daegu two years ago, where he found taehyung and his grandfather on their farm.
most of their helpers had fled to their families so yoongi had offered to work for them on their fields in exchange for food.
the farm isn’t as big as it used to be, but taehyung has been preserving it the best he can since his grandfather's passing.
the last few months have been better than what they’ve seen in years.
the earth is healing slowly, and watching taehyung’s bright smile as he tells yoongi about everything he plans to grow in their fields with wild animated gestures has yoongi also hoping that maybe the coming years wouldn't be too bad to them.
nothing in the universe is static.
their universe is constantly moving, often at the speeds of hundreds of thousands of kilometers per second.
billions of stars in the milky way alone are continuously careening through the galaxy, and it is only the vast distance between these celestial objects that protects humanity on their tiny speck of a planet from a giant supernova exploding nearby or a shower of asteroids brought about by the gravity of a passing brown dwarf.
that is, until it didn't protect them.
until that which was presumed by astrophysicists to have the odds of occurring of a one in a hundred thousand, in the next five billion years, came true.
the end of the world became their reality, but not in any way that adventurous authors and film screenwriters had speculated.
there was no vicious virus let loose, no extra-terrestrial invasion, no unhinged scientists or an artificially intelligent army developing a desire for retribution.
no, all it took was a red dwarf—a star about half the size of the sun—passing through the inner solar system for all careful threads and knots of gravity to come loose.
planets and asteroids that had previously orbited the sun in safe and predictable courses were sent careening in careless directions, and earth—the earth was pulled away and ejected from the solar system.
they’d seen it coming obviously, years in advance, but more time has never meant much to humankind in general.
no matter the scale of the danger, humans are sickeningly only concerned with personal gain.
and getting all of humanity to mobilize in one direction was a task close to impossible, especially when their political leaders cared more for their short-sighted affluence than the public good, their religious leaders perceived all scientific dangers as a threat to their own authority, and dogpiling on social media was seen as the paragon of morally excellent activism.
still, all that is easier seen and said in hindsight, yoongi supposes, but all of his thoughts are abruptly brought to a stop when taehyung pulls him impossibly closer to himself.
his arms wrap tighter around yoongi’s waist, and their skins stick so close together, their cold breaths intermingle.
pressed against each other so entirely, from their tangled toes and entwined legs to their glued chests and foreheads as they slowly dip in and out of a hazy and hazardous sleep, when yoongi flutters his eyes open after what was half a feverish fitful doze and half a numbing cold paralysis, taehyung is watching him intently and so lovingly, as if he’s trying to memorise the sweep of each of his eyelashes.
he’s always teased yoongi for his inability to keep eye-contact with him for longer than a meagre few seconds.
but, now, yoongi doesn’t look away.
he splays out his long fingers where they rest across the warm skin on taehyung’s back as he looks at taehyung, at his face that glows a dim golden in the light of the muted fire they’d lit hours prior, before they ran out of things to burn.
they’re huddled under blankets now, wrapped in an embrace to share whatever body heat they can spare.
the room is dark, silent and heavy, only the sounds of their shallow breaths to be heard, and yoongi can make out a vague outline of taehyung’s limbs entangled with his own, unable to tell where one ends and the other starts.
"hyung," taehyung says softly, into the air between them, and the deep sound rumbles through yoongi’s chest where taehyung has tightly held him against himself.
yoongi makes a soft hum in his throat.
it’s so dry, it hurts when he swallows.
he can’t remember when he last drank water.
without the sunlight to evaporate water, the clouds can’t form and the water cycle has stopped entirely.
yoongi smacks his dry lips and tries to wet them with his equally parched tongue.
taehyung doesn’t respond though, and yoongi can’t moisten his lips for shit.
the air is dry and thick, and yoongi is inhaling all of taehyung’s exhales.
taehyung’s hair tickles the tip of his nose, and when taehyung shifts and props himself up on an elbow, it hangs around his face in long and thick, curly black waves.
yoongi feels a deep inexplicable urge to touch it, to card his fingers through it, even though he knows it’s been unwashed for days, but both of them are past that degree of care now.
besides, he can tell that taehyung needs to be touched right now, in that deep-chested desperate way where his voice grows thick and shaky until yoongi doesn’t take him in his arms.
yoongi is no stranger to those moments himself, when his ribs would threaten to splinter under the weight of his emotions and the impending unspoken doom bearing down heavy on their chests.
borrowed time—they’re living on borrowed time.
and it’s about to run out, but neither of them says it; instead yoongi twists his body around, untangling himself from taehyung’s limbs in the process, until his back is flat against the mattress and taehyung is looming over him, elbows on either side of yoongi’s head.
from above, the fire’s warm sheen cascades across taehyung’s face, casting shadows that accentuate the sharp cut of his jaw, his long lashes.
and his lips part again, tremble in that soft-spoken plea when he says, "hyung, can i—" and yoongi lets out a rough, shaky exhale, equally as desperate when lifts a palm that curves around taehyung’s neck and gently pulls him down.
"c’mere," he whispers, and taehyung is just as pliant.
lowering himself on his elbows till their faces are close enough, he presses that sweet mouth against yoongi’s, only chastely pressing their dry lips together at first, before he takes yoongi’s upper lip between his own and kisses it.
the kiss is tender, so much love and desperation in it that yoongi’s chest aches.
the sounds of their lips smacking grow louder, and yoongi slides his fingers into taehyung’s hair, fisting it and gasping into the kiss when taehyung licks into the seam between his lips.
"want to—ah," taehyung breathes, words cut off by a moan, and then he’s pushing past yoongi’s slack lips with his tongue.
yoongi lets him.
he moans into the kiss, legs kicking slightly and fingers pulling taehyung closer by the grip in his hair.
"want to fu—ck, want to take care of you."
taehyung stops kissing him to latch onto his chin, sloppily mouthing at the skin and stubble there, and yoongi shivers against taehyung’s broader body when teeth scrape against the gentle slope of his jaw and bite at the sensitive skin below his ear.
"yes," yoongi says on a harsh exhale, "fuck, yes."
his voice, that was already rough from the dryness in his throat, sounds absolutely wrecked right now, breathless from the way taehyung mouths languidly at the skin behind his ear and then laves his tongue over its shell.
the wet warmth against his cold ears shoots a sensation all the way down to yoongi’s toes.
he stopped wearing earrings months ago so he wouldn’t catch frostbite, but he still finds his breath catching each time taehyung’s tongue licks at the small holes there.
"fuck," he breathes when taehyung closes his lips around the lobe and gives it a suck, thighs tightening and hips kicking up out of instinct.
but taehyung doesn’t meet him.
lifting himself further up on his elbows and grabbing yoongi’s chin between a thumb and a knuckle, he twists it to the side to gain access to the hidden skin on the side of his throat before pressing his hungry mouth to it.
a soft high-pitched moan leaves yoongi’s lips when taehyung’s teeth catch a pinch of the skin and nip it gently, and he curls his fingers impossibly tighter in taehyung’s hair, not pulling him away but keeping him there, holding him there as his body trembles.
he presses his head into the pillow, where taehyung keeps it twisted away, mouth parted open as he pants.
despite the extreme cold, his body heats up like a furnace where taehyung’s skin touches his own.
"tae," he calls out softly in between the erratic heaves of his chest.
"please—ah," he doesn’t know what he’s asking for, but taehyung seems to sense his need because he lets go of his chin and slides his fingers along yoongi’s jaw until he’s cradling his cheek in his palm and gently guiding yoongi back to meet his gaze.
taehyung’s eyes swim with that dusky fondness yoongi's grown familiar with over the years, and his thumb strokes the apple of yoongi’s cheek.
yoongi loosens his hold on taehyung’s hair.
"kiss me," he requests, and taehyung’s lips pull into a slow affectionate smile.
even in the dark, yoongi can see the mole under his lips stretch with the pull before taehyung’s soft mouth captures his own again.
he kisses him sweetly, pressing smiles against yoongi’s open mouth.
but yoongi is feverish with want.
he pulls taehyung closer and kisses him harder, deeper.
then they’re kissing with wet smacks, soft gasps and groans that get swallowed in their mouths.
taehyung’s palm holds yoongi hard, fingers and blunt nails pressing into the swell of his cheek, like he’s afraid yoongi will disappear if he lets go.
and yoongi continues to kiss him with equal amounts of desperate devotion, till his thighs are trembling and taehyung’s growing arousal becomes evident against yoongi’s abdomen.
yoongi’s head jerks back for air, and he allows himself one long look at taehyung’s wet supple mouth, his lips that are swollen and cherry-red, glistening in the feeble yellow light, before he drags him back for more until he’s certain that they both taste the same.
tongues sliding against each other, yoongi’s mouth falls open when taehyung rolls down his hips to meet his own.
taehyung shoves his tongue in over yoongi’s.
"fu—ck, yeah, shit—yeah—" yoongi’s words get lost in taehyung’s mouth as taehyung starts a rhythm against the mattress.
the noise in their room grows, and the darkness gets filled with the wet sounds of their tongues, the bed’s weak whines, and taehyung and yoongi’s groans.
taehyung drags the palm on yoongi’s cheek down the length of his throat until it rests on the flat plane of his chest, and yoongi inhales sharply when taehyung strokes and bends one of his nipples with his thumb.
it hardens under his touch, and soon enough taehyung’s mouth follows his hand.
he ducks down and lowers himself on the other nipple, laving over the bud in broad and flat, hard strokes.
he takes his time teasing yoongi, flicking the blade of his tongue over the nub again and again, while his hand plays with yoongi’s other nipple, bending and rolling it between his fingers.
yoongi’s throat hurts but he can’t keep quiet.
his hands leave taehyung’s hair and clutch onto the sheets instead when taehyung’s lips close around his nipple and suckle at it.
he feels himself growing wet, something he hadn’t thought possible with how dehydrated his body is, but pleasure wracks through his body when he feels the quick hot sting of teeth that taehyung immediately soothes with his tongue.
"taehyung c’mon," yoongi quietly cries, writhing against taehyung’s body, and lifting himself up on one elbow, taehyung returns to yoongi to press their lips together in a hard kiss while his other hand slides further down to the hot, damp skin of yoongi’s abdomen to keep him still.
taehyung kisses him hotly, swallowing down all of his moans and molding their mouths together with an aching pressure.
when yoongi tries to cant up his hips into his palm, taehyung firmly pushes him down into the mattress.
"let me take care of you," he gasps into the kiss before pushing himself on his knees and holding yoongi’s thighs in his hands.
the blankets slide all the way off them, and pulling yoongi’s thighs out from under him, taehyung lifts them and spreads yoongi open.
yoongi shivers a little when the cold air hits his body, but taehyung’s body is immediately curving over him, and the familiar weight presses yoongi deeper into the mattress.
"i love you," taehyung whispers into yoongi’s mouth just as one of his fingers enters him between his folds.
it has yoongi breathing hard and bowing off the bed.
he clenches against taehyung’s finger, eyes pressing shut when taehyung speaks again.
"you look so beautiful, darling."
his words carry his gentle reverence, and yoongi bites down on his lip to stop himself from grinning stupidly.
"yeah?"
he asks, a little redundantly.
he knows what he looks like, with his stomach sunk in and his ribs visible, and it is not flattering.
but it still feels good to have taehyung take care of him, to hear him whisper sweet nothings into his skin.
taehyung hums and plunges his finger deeper.
twisting and crooking it to stretch yoongi open, he presses a kiss to the side of yoongi’s cheek.
"the prettiest," he whispers, cool breath ghosting over yoongi’s ear, before he adds in another finger and gives it a little pressure.
yoongi’s next inhale is shaky, slow, and uncurling his fist from where it’d been tightly clutching the bedsheet, yoongi cups the back of taehyung’s neck with his palm and brings his face closer.
he presses a soft kiss to the gentle bow in taehyung’s lip.
"fuck me," he slurs, and it slants into a breathy moan when taehyung’s fingers curl inside him.
"c’mon, i’m ready."
two fingers are nowhere near enough of a stretch for taehyung, but they both know yoongi likes it like this.
and with the oppressive reminder of their remaining time together, yoongi doesn’t want to have taehyung’s fingers inside him any longer.
still, yoongi makes a soft whine at the loss when taehyung pulls out of him without protest.
he watches taehyung as he lifts his hips, and grabbing his cock with one hand, slowly guides it between yoongi’s folds.
yoongi jolts, shoulders shaking, and mutes his moan into his pillow as taehyung bottoms out in one steady stroke.
both of his legs lock around the back of taehyung’s strong thighs, trembling in turn with yoongi’s gasps of taehyung’s name.
chanyeol: "i'm untouchable man" /fans myself/
am i the only one who realised the "im creeping in ur heart babe" was actually english two hours into listening the song on repeat? o.o
is it going to work???????
do you have a link my stream isnt workinggg
lets form a cultttt
i've stepped on one too =_+ we shud stick together, we're a rare specie
god this boy...i just want to steal him and throw him in a bed and lock him. huang bo is such an angel 😚
if i'm not asking for too much, could you please make a list of bangtan fests and exchanges? i'm pretty new in here. thanks~^^
yesss round 2 pleassee
soo excitedd for your fic fest!!!! saranghae~~~~
prompt fest pleeeasseeeeeee
dieeeeeeeeeeeee
whooo caressss
just die already
im that fish
who cares? i dont like living anwyayyy
the most traumatizing bit was when i thought it was justib bieber sitting next to jongdae...just end me =_=
my yoonbaek prompts were claimed bfeuferfunc yesssssssss this is even better than the baekbama phase
that hand jerk makes me want to the the bathroom and flush my laptop
this is one f my favourite things in life tbh
the turn up omygod im dead
this thread just made my entire life
when you rewind all prev bv episodes just to rewatch a scene where taegi are in the same camera frame but then you get blessed with this :-:
taegi neighbor au where tae's dog always sneaks inside yoongis apartment and pees on his bed
soft boyfriends :")
are they taking turns and slicing off everyone's hair with each album
okkk~~~
pinkkkk
do it!!!!!!!
asdfhjkk thank u!!!!
gimme some too :-:::::::
bighit im done with you -.-
just skin?
torch their eyeballs
:d
thanks bighit for screwing this goddamn blender up my ass
lmao
i was reading it during my train journey this morning :')
tf you ambushed me like that im gonna go and bury myself in my backyard there's nothing to live for in this world
asdghjsdgjj its ok take ur time im gonna go read wthi and die
as soon as i read namjoon's letter to tae i just started bawling im not i just nvm
my favourite taegi :') just putting it here bye
and jimin still gets wet. even with an umbrella. bighit you're full of surprises
so i guess nothings happening?
what even comes out of spreading hate abt bts? do u think it makes exo any better? aren't u just doing it for yourself?
please just stop giving her attention i am almost ashamed of the 2k followers she gained through this fiasco like guys are u for real?
savages
then maybe u should stop tagging it yourself
if u want something to stop trending, then maybe u should stop tagging it yourself, just saying
i dont know why this tag is even trending anymore
but bros before hoes!!!! i see where your loyalties lie hanna
we'll have to throw u out of the squad soz
we agreed that noone will care about him. ur breaking the brocode
asdfghkklll u traitor
d: u right tho
this cutie
he can totally go squish up next to kookie. win-win-win (well maybe not for jungkook but noone cares)
or four. bc wild hobis dont like to be left out of cuddle piles
bc cutie jiminie's in the room
they fight for the same bunk bed ...just saaaayyinggg
they are just telling the truth and doing the work of god
just wanted to say i love and really appreciate ur fics :') random but yh
lol my mind is trash and d boys isn't just daegu :))) i suddenly want a fic titled yoongles and his dboys where 4 of them make snuggle piles :')
yoongles and his d boys
well
same
i swear to god he's saying the tru@()#
kill me but if i have to choose it'd be white chalk
all of them obviously. but the first one takes the cake lol, with all the members hyping them up and tae being embarrassed af
i..what
holy
i need this rn
me too
its 5am and im scared
what is sleep
please tell hoseok we love him
we're stressed not now
its all wrecked
"cute"?
five seconds into waking me up my mom was frantically asking me "so was it jin or tae????"   :') i love her
i haven't felt dumb in a long time
there's this amazing fanfic based on the movie then, read it after watching the movie, it'll make u feel better
i just watched it the seventh time day before its amazing
o god
i was probably eating mud when i was 15 wtf
thriller/mystery/fantasy/crack anything but romance i guess
but i want to write it carefully bc i really want to do these themes right since they mean a lot to me
thank youu im glad u liked it, i'll post the 2nd part as soon as i can?
im sorryyyy ill try posting it before ur birthday but im doubtful so dont hold ur breath.
heh i just feel so satisfied u have no idea
asdfghklllll hope u like it!!!
when will i ever be able to write something that isnt angst
okay ive gone and done it now.
would u hate me for this?
im posting it right now i dont care
im still thinking if i should post it right now im too excited but meah's birthday is in 2 days...and i cant wait that long....
can i gift u ur birthday fic early? bc im too excited to post it
just smoothing some of the transitions, ill probably be done with this before i leave this cafe
ok i'm working on one of my older wip's abo/bullying/crossdressing taegi fic honestly only i can make a mashup of those tropes
why is tae always so adorable in all my fics
i should really finish them ugh
i just looked at all my wip's and wow
i wonder what they do in life...
sometimes i forget that there are people out there who dont know what abo verse is
i have a milkybar i'm ready
a true intellectual :-: but same
seriously??
bless
which one of them did this lmao
"hello fart is leather"- microsoft
lol sure wait lemme find a non angsty one (but this was really great)
thisss??
what r u doing to me i basically zoomed like 200% to read it
have u read this??
omg i had it open on my pc for so long, i was saving it for the weekend but ill read it tonight i guess
admit it. if tae wasnt in bangtan he'd be their biggest fanboy
when u ask for recs but ur ship is this lil smol boat sailing among icebergs that uve basically read everything and recs become meaningless
everyone: so wat do u like to do? me: i listen to music everyone: oh. cool. i like music too me: no u don't understand
police officer: anything you say will be held against you  taehyung: min yoongi
come cry with meee
so do u wanna be a potato or not
which potato hurt u??/? potatoes are cute
but u werent willing to be my potato friend. i dont like u
meanie
lol who's this ily
heh
this is from 2017 how...
has flashbacks of the baekbama folder
wait did someone say "byuntae" in the first video??
how do you choose your main character? do you just pull out pieces of paper :_:
over here i'm just wondering if the fan in front of hoseok could hear him over the crowd
that ain't jimin
it begins
pls bless me :_: any new fics that are good im in midst of an event that requires social interaction and i'm desperate
so..if taehyung was the 3rd outsider..what was the blue top hint about... did i miss something...i was too preoccupied with yoonseok gay melodrama
i don't know what some fans have against the love yourself album, i mean??? it has mic drop??? go go??? pied piper???? serendipity????? outro her???? sea????? and that deadass 8:38 long skit???? like what do you want
pls rec me some of them :_:
for all those mad at this tweet, seriously even now all you got from the tweet was yeontan?  please focus on the issue at hand, no one's telling you to go and unretweet yeontan's post, just love all the members equally. it's not that hard i assure you
kill me
he really does look like jimin!
after we still not gonna talk about where love yourself: wonder disappeared?
like i shut my eyes and downloaded the selca
am i the only one who's actually really creeped out by yoongi
too much is happening here
his legs are so thin god
i squeaked
dont we all? *sigh* but like im so mega hyped bc admit it i can just imagine tae fanboying over yoongi's mixtape asdfkl these cuties
happy birthdayyy~~~~ its not 12 here but i remembered ur ahead of me so yh im hoping im not horribly late
excuse me i have been awake for 48 hours and i made this edit to destress myself and honestly idek what im doing
asdffbhjfvbf thank youu!!! ur so cutee~ yoongi is such a goner for lil tae but he's in massive denial
when u see two of ur favourite authors talking and bickering and u realise that ur shameless enough to even ship authors
dont know about u but i already am
omygod i know that feeling
ive never actually witnessed yoongi losing at rock paper scissors
when all these people say that kpop idols are gay i lowkey hope that they are right bc otp is important
suga saying that he wants to dress his son really nicely has hit with more feels than i can deal
my exotic talents include reading explicit pornographic literature about gay asian men in a room full of people with a straight face
i pray for me too
bc ive to do that assignment i told u abt. the misfit/freedom one? with shapes? and 4 other assignments by tomorrow.
yepp and now i'm ready to hibernate for like a century
best birthday present~~
lol i'd done this too when i was 12
lol i'm in bangalore :')
everytime im sleepy in office i watch their anpanman stage 2x speed under my desk :)
dick me tight
here's the fic
it's actually pretty sad if u look at it
ok so does cannibal yoongi speak english or should i not be lazy and make tae slowly teach him a few words feat slow burn
all of us are (but look how yoongi gives absolutely no fucks to anyone seeing his dick)
i require a taegiseok or ill burn something
and then taegi having feelings (tm) and all of them slowly fall into snuggle piles and pillow fights and just being cute hamsters
ok so how about a slow burn taegiseok with flatmates vhope being all platonic but then yoonseok start dating feat a jealous tae
everything's cool and all but i need a taegiseok
i cant believe they allowed this to air tho
yoongi: *sleeping* hoseok stop holding my hand hoseok (across the room): im not holding ur hand yoongi: then what-  taehyung: hi
college is preventing me from writing my cannibal au taegi,   help me sue them
today a girl offered me a muffin and asked me for my number *flattered* and also *happy bc free food*
as it rightfully should. ur a shame to taegi stans
you don't kno what you've just done to me :) :):):):):)
ur twt handle just added 10 years to my life
is it just me who thought they're actually singing "bang bang bang-tan" instead of "hot hot hot hotter" in fire
yoongo
what's up with y'all glorifying yoongi's financial situation before debut, like that magically answers all arguments?
the taegi fic is this-
on the start line, that skit is so touching
how can i super-saiyan like
junghope🌼
yet he's always that /straight/ character in like every 2nd fic
i woke up at 3am legit scared that if or when i'll ever have sex i'll probably gonna end up calling the guy "hyung"
the whole fucking era is still a void in my heart
was 18 now 21
holy hell
anytime :)
thats a good thing right? like a guarantee that theres no homophobia??
i dont like u
really? is people dying your unit of measurement for angst in a story>?
like it wasnt enough
im not surprised
and yoongs has cute sleepy blonde hair
tae will def be the one who laughs asdfghjklll
omgg so cuuutee send some cute guys my way too!! there is no living guy who's cute around me
are u subtly encouraging me to write fics about u? bc u dont know me. i will even do it
*desperately looking for someone who does bc i cant be the only weird one*
u want me to die dont u
just d i e hanna
this certain masochist tendency he has. (taehyung learned about that in every way possible.)
i knowww
asdgj,hlll o k a y
i don't know whether to laugh or cry
someone in my office described bts as bollywood with a hollywood budget and i'm just :/
idk if this is unpopular or no, but i'm sorry i hate the nicki minaj verse, it's not even about her but i just find it ..so jarring against the song?
you know you've lost it when you're sending your college professors the link to idol
outro: tear
i couldn't tell you apart from the flowers :)
why do i not get notifications???? but thanks lol~
go sleep bub
it's kinda sick the way a lot of fans romanticize poverty. bts had their own struggles, txt will have their own. why would you wish pain on others?
ahh can i work on this?? this is so cute!!
this is so cute!!
my fics 🌟~  ao3:
just finished reading the final chapter of 🌹the soul of the rose🌹it was adorable! thank you for sharing it with us!✨
your data will not be shared with any other party, or used for commercial purposes.  if you have questions, please dm me! but really i'm just a dying college student trying to graduate, please help me out.
my graduation project is about teaching my machine "philippa" moral values. please fill this smol form to help me gather data:
how the fuck is this not viral
the second chapter is posted!!
i dreamt that jungkook was leaving bangtan to pursue his lifelong dream of becoming a plumber
me!🍒
asfghjk thanks 🍓🍓🍓
thank you!! 🍒
i'm in the same position as you, so i don't know if it helps but you're not alone? graduating in 2 months & i have  no idea what i'm doing :/
thank you so much!!!🌟
i put my bottle in the freezer to cool it faster and now its stuck and i cant take it out what sorcery is this
t h e h a n d s i z e d i f f e r e n c e
o m g
lol okay
ive really never come across a decent story on any. lj is good but ao3 and tumblr suit me the best. i havent tried dreamwidth tho
it is, i know. i just roll my eyes at aff and wattpad.
its understandable
mistake its ok we understand but then they have to go and defend themselves and even worse, just outright ignore us. imso annoyed
wtf, seriously tho ppl can be immature. its hard to take criticism i know, but i dont see why they cant apologise they made a-
it can be triggering for some but i read this post abt how ignorant writers can be   and yh u should see it
true but isnt it the same for people writing slash without actually having sex (let alone gay sex)
yh but i feel like it can be a little tricky. ive never seen it done right, but i havent experienced it either so i cant say
*guiltily reads own fics* *crawls away*
hmmmmmmmmm
good good. save the world from homophobia
"listen to music you can at least understand"  i would, maybe on the day you stop listening to despacito. this blind worship of the west will come choke me one day.
for anyone supporting any of these individuals, how many of you knew them personally? you knew them from the pixels of your phones, you're invalidating the experiences of someone who was raped just bc of that? you're sick
what important skill sets could you possibly gain by running a gay fanfiction recommendation blog?  please reply to this tweet and help me to not regret my life choices :(
._. im sorry (but ❤️)
10. just visit my blog pls -   i do this for a living
9. if i come across something that made me consider a perspective that i never had before, or made me aware of something i never knew existed, then definitely.
8. cruel
7. trope subversion, magical realism, arranged marriage, abo, kissing booth
5. ooh fave authors, from the top of my head-     coley_merrin, xxdevilishxx, fadetomorrow, and like a billion more but i can't recall
4. i'm currently not reading anything, but this is the last fic i read
3. there's no ship that bothers me, but i haven't read taekook in a while
2. taegi primarily, junghope too  but i read everything, if there's gay, i'm there
1. softyoongles
intj 🍓
i just wanna scream taegi plots at someone, applications are open
haider
._.
this is like the cuter less dramatic version of that one cecelia ahern
if you think there aren't many taegi fics, just write one yourself🌜🌝
say it back - vastlyunknown
i-
taegi authors, here is a list of people who've offered to proofread taegi fics
does anyone listen to lee hyun jung on an hourly basis like me
i should just make an occupation out of this
i think i stan the run mv more than i stan bts
they had this in the official album skit, both of them kissed on television & ur telling me vhope have like 13 fics on ao3
why am i the only one still not over this one gay skit
bts: rioting nj: bts will be promoting as a 5 member group from now on kids giggling yg: ill kill both of u today
me: my remaining (1) braincell:  hs: lets talk abt our ideal type then! th: hyung whats ur ideal type? hs: me? a girl like u ❤️ th: really hyung? seriously? hs: i wanna bite you! ❤️
or just throw acid in their faces :/
i actually understood it, if anyone has questions throw them at me, gently
pls send me vhope fics :(
"bang pdophile & adventures" that was an era :')
:( im sad i want them. what is a taegi? idk
bts
sope never walk alone
this lollypop might as well be a part of bts now
um..
pls do the dbz saiyan fusion dance
muw aha ha aha aha aha aha aha hhhahahahahahahhahahahahahhaha
i shud probably tag dont forget me as character death right?? o.o
if you guys spot someone walking barefoot in malls, come say hi okayy?
maybe squishytummies wasn't the best password and now my brother won't stop judging me from the side
i keep getting consumed by other plot ideas im sorry
i swear i havent forgotten in but i just-
i should really update dont forget me hmmmmmmm
is there a kpop mv where all of them have black hair? i thought of this and its been 3 days but i honestly cant come up with even one?
i know rightt???
mixing up aromantic and asexual wtf can i make a post explaining all of this ugh
i was bored and was taking those online 'what kind of asexual r u?' quizes and this might be the worst idea ive ever had
o mg bap's mv cracked me up so bad they're so cute and funny ahhh daehyun my squishy
i love how savage my country is. there was a national holiday and it jammed the internet of the entire nation to stop terrorist attacks
i hope to god that you're alright and im sorry if i was ignorant abt something. i just feel so guilty im sorry
ok one of my favourite authors just...disappeared and i feel like crying
okay 11 of my favourite bookmarked fics have been deleted and i have no idea which ones or even why and just wtf is happening
stellar looks so pretty in their new mv
dionysus stole my breath
do yall read an old fic and go daamn i wrote that?
i was feeling ill due to anxiety about my submissions but then i read your dumb gays namseok fic undefined giggly now thank u!!! have a nice day love🌟
yes its a cute unbothered bean that regularly updated, never disappointed, got all a's
yep same
i feel attacked
tae not ready to leave yoongo's studio till yoongi said "i love you" back
: )
just a regular day in me and my dumb snow filters' life
someone pls recommend me some nice fics, any pairing is fine.
i was curious about this as well
i don't understand fics where a character kisses first and confesses after that.
why is this so funny 😂
i suddenly wanna hear koo yodel
yes but it's angst and it's painful
it's the truth :\ i didn't ask to be born in my country, even if they came here and i couldn't go, that'd be better, at least i'd be given an equal opportunity
seeing concert fancams in my tl really pisses me off, like i know i should believe i'll see them some day  but i also know that i won't. it really does come down to money at the end of it, doesn't it? it's never going to happen whatever
prayer circle:                                             🕯     🕯             🕯                          🕯                      bts sings         🕯  an anime ost 🕯                              🕯                          🕯                       🕯     🕯 ._. ᵐᵃʸᵇᵉˀ
it was so nice!!! 🌼yoongi kissing tae's knuckles just had me, thank you!
i wanna have them as my 7 little sugar gliders who i keep in a little pouch and feed cake crumbs
hopekook:              namkook:
he wanted hobi to say that he's the x-man
🍓
with every fic, i spend at least 5 minutes debating on what color i'd give yoongi
watch me build an entire 50k in my head and not write a thing 😌
taegi - time travel, joseon au   taegi - fluffy, best friend's older brother au   junghope - arranged marriage    lemme know how you like them :)
a run episode where they play musical chairs i wanna see jungkook's competitive ass bodily throw yoongi across the room to grab the seat
id say hobi though
oh look it's you -> 🌼
i hate how i'm the only person who used to think it's "bang bang bangtan" for years
like im a woman before im me  i told my mother i didnt want to sleep with anyone, not my husband, not anyone. and she replied "your life is going to be very difficult"
anyone feel like you're eating not for yourself but for the kid you'll one day birth? like you're just a breeding cow, like your body isn't your own, it's meant to simply give birth and then decay and die  and if you say you want to live for yourself, then they call you selfish
"tell me i'm pretty"   this was so sweet
:')
which wip would you be most interested in reading? all are taegi :)
nochu
yayy. me too 🤞
u here in july ??
i havent even read the lyrics and im emotional already
im just proud okay
im not ok ok
bitch y o u t h o u g h t
thank you so much for this
ive never been as aware of a month as i am about this august
i don't want to be hearing that from you
the arranged marriage one :|  its a huge monster sitting in my laptop🌝 and im too scared to work on it
i'll post them all eventually! i just need to focus on 1 for taegi week 🌷  speaking of new fics, look at these-
it's 60% written :) so hopefully i'll post it sometime this week
thank you so much for reading!! ☀️
2 !!!!
thank you for reading !! ✨ im glad you liked it
✨✨✨
never mind, found it!
what's the fic?
you.....🥺 are perfect
cute !! im going to sleep now, feeling fluffy and happy, thank you
i'm glad you're excited! i've been up the entire night writing it, it's 10am & now i'm going to sleep ha let me know how you like it!! 😊
let me know how you like it! and thank you! 😊
i snorted, narendra modi my man
1. your punchline is "only 1 of them speaks english" 2. "when i heard something korean exploded in america i was worried" is not humor 3. your degraded a un speech to being about "hair products" & insinuate that they're gay  humor is no defense for racism
please be respectful, do not harass her. just... let her know that she has awful taste?
i'm sorry but which bit of "i heard something korean had exploded in america, i was worried." sounds funny to you?
tear / house of cards
fic recs ✨ bc they're cute & everybody loves them
oh good i think about it once a week too
same, gonna sleep & add more when i wake up
22 ! i'm an interactive media artist ✨
free hugs  hugs / meet cute / fluff
🌷🌷🌷
you can't even conclude that from the photo, also what are my digits
:)
bad timing, good tidings  keying cars / meet cute
i'm so disturbed by this jikook fic but it's so brilliant, i don't even know if i could ever recommend it to anyone, but it's so brilliant
i have so many issues with abo verse, the smut subsection of it, it's so glaringly degrading undefined gender roles
7 days in fairyland  fairy tae / human yoongs / humor / slow burn
this unlikely pair  famous taegi / fake relationship
carry me  college au / wrong chat / sexy camel yoongi
nascent  non au / dating / cute
for some reason, an email about an ao3 comment makes my day, it's just not the same as a twt notification. social media just doesn't have the appeal of a sincere writing platform for me
+ for the same reasons why we all don't have sex in public even though they're our bodies.
yep, i dont wear one but i wear a shirt of  thicker fabric undefined safety for those saying it's ok to go topless too bc it's our body, i disagree, yes its our body but there is a moral code we have to follow because we live in a society
i never thought i'd use utilitarianism as an ao3 tag
may 11 🥝
i'm going to write a fic on this 😌
how is that a question yes!!!
try the cooking fever, it's addictive
why does ao3 go under maintainence just the very second im about to post ughdbjbjfedvbjfdvdj its like 3 in the morning ugh
your art is adorable ;u;
bless you sweetheart
lol karma asshole
im just going to listen to   and pretend like the rest of the mixtape doesnt exist, its the only way to live
ive never suffered
i will kill anyone
tell me im not the only one just crying and crying and not even trying to stop anymore
you just killed me there *deep breaths*
i mean yoongi was always my bias, what does that make him now....i think im gonna make an imaginary yoongi and talk to him and make him tea
same! only after reading it i realised how great the namseok dynamic can be :_:
wow thank u ^^  & yeah deleted fics make me so sad but it's disrespectful to the author to save their fics and share them esp after they deleted so there's nothing we can do
yep, the author deleted :(
harvest moon, recall your youth they get married in vegas :(  which one did you see?
rip harvest moon, recall your youth, i shall remember you only about 56790 times this week
i went to reread this legendary taegi only to see it's been deleted ._.
wait
i knew getting this 64gb metal box was going to come in handy some day
im tired of it
no one:   kpop fans: kingss
🥝
"i didn't hear anything" was supposed to be considerate but this dumb y/n ended up being a sarcastic bitch to hoseok??? i hate this game
the only thing that makes me smile on this game is the "netmarble~~~!"
i would look at those cheekies if them yaoi hands weren't in the way
thank you !! ✨
the cutest thing i've read today 🥝 !
i wish all of bangtan comes together in an alternate universe and realise the same y/n was stalking them
waaaaaaah
where the heart is  fake relationship / friends with benefits / slow burn
my hand goes, my hand keeps going  bathroom sex / hand holding
hot mess (and i'm falling for you)  barista yoongi / delinquent tae / friends with benefits
the romance of old clothes  wardrobe stylist tae / art director yoongi / enemies to lovers / slow burn
complete the another story chapter 1 & claim the rewards from the launch celebration event
geography 🥺
seokjin
if there isn't going to be a taegi fic with yoongi and his red cheekies then what's the point of this game
i wanted to upgrade my 5 star jhope & have the biggest baddest card on me but 🙁
i... don't ask me why but i chose yoongi simply bc he'd rolled the hem of his jeans in one weekly idol episode
ahhh i'm an idiot. i thought only 5⭐ cards could be upgraded.
ok sent! 💸
wait no 😂 accept my request first, its mya with a jungkookie icon
sent!
!!!
they'll be in your inbox :)
what's your code ?
has anyone read the old man with enormous wings by gabriel garcia marquez? i wish to work with a similar setting, and need someone to throw ideas at
have a safe journey! 🌼
are you ella?
if only that could get me my masters 😔
yes! my pronouns too!
write my sop for me will ya?
yes it's really good! you should check it out, there's a sequel too
🙃
👀 drop the link mayhaps
ul2j7gw ✨ add me i'll send you wings 😊
i once carpooled with a cute guy & it turned strange bc we were dropped at the same apartment complex and then walked to the same tower, same floor and then the same apartment. and then i found out he's the son of the aunt i was living with :|
taegi fic gift exchange 🎁 ✨ write me a taegi, and i'll write you one
fly to this forsaken country first 🙂
🥝
ooo same i can't advance to chapter 5 till i get to level 20
🤥
i do too! it's cute!
trope subversion 🧁
sent! you literally have bts in your code eye-
what's your code? lemme add you and send you 💸
i'm at 21 :(
i saw someone who's at level 37 in the game? how do you exist
this was so sweet ! i love direct tae & awkward yoongi. thank you for sharing this with us 😊
does anyone know of nice naruto fanfics? does no one write them anymore? is there a platform other than ao3?? i'm so confused? sasuke & naruto have the gayest anime portrayal?? why can't i find their fanfics?
(2)
not style as much, but i do write concepts that i like to read
how to make friends?
run bts just makes me realize how i'll never get to play treasure hunt in an empty mall with good looking men in this lifetime
probably gay
🐴
i was trying to escape anxiety on twt when i saw this, it took me 10 min to understand, i'm still anxious
me: i wish somebody would talk to me he: [texts me] me: ew is he that lonely
genius jjang jjang man boong boong
how everyone's display names change and you cant find anyone bc suddenly everyone's agust-d
im so emotionally exhausted lemme go watch naruto
masochism
exactly
this mixtape just made me realise ive never suffered
nope i had it for a few months before my mom catapulted it out of the house and probably smashed some kid's skull
let’s see how much i’ve changed...   age: 18 now: 22  country that you lived in: india current country: india  relationship: lol now: lol  tattoos: none now: none  pets: a rock now: nope  piercings: 4 now: 0.5  drop an emoji and i’ll give you an age
write it 🥺
had to google him & apparently he wrote a gay erotica abt donald trump, i think i may as well offer my body to him
sdfhghfz if i had anything at all to offer other than my body
i wrote 8k of fic 😌
you're welcome ! 🌼 they're all very unique
(taegi)   (jikook)   (jihope)   (taegi)
congrats! 🌼
if it isn't namjoon, nah he ain't special
🥝
not to be rude, but maybe the authors wouldn't want their works spread after they deleted them
mango
don't they lay eggs?? i feel like their whole body is a penis
there's this in case you haven't read it
he'd still be holding everything in one hand though
wait when's your birthday? mine became aries too :/
i want to write layered characters complex characters gray characters but my heart won't let me put taehyung and morally ambiguous in one sentence
tell me if you like it!! i hope you do ☘️
i really hope it meets your expectations! and i'm glad you're excited, oh god this is giving me anxiety
omygod its so not worth it but thank you? i hope you enjoy it
believe me most of it was my own self indulgence 🙃
oh my you'll really like this, its not taegi but its the most well-written mystery ive come across in the fandom
yes!! ive always wanted to try writing a darker concept with horror and mystery themes, im gonna try that with this fic
personally, id recommend: haider, pink, badhai ho, my name is khan
im curious, do any of you watch bollywood films? which are your favorites?
why is this so funny
it's really good, you should give it a try
finally finished it 😔 great i can now sleep (or not)
ok but seriously go for it. objectively it's really really good. but like take good care of yourself maybe, definitely don't read it at night
while id never actually say this but im reading it at the moment & i wouldn't wish it on anyone. except that it's so well written and i get off hurting myself like this
ugh ill put on shinchan bgm in the background instead of this weird omnious instrumental music i played to- and i quote my brain- "add to the experience"
omygod i should stop reading while i still can
i had this brilliant idea of reading it before i went to sleep and im still going and it's 7am and i don't think i can sleep for a week  please tell me it has an ending that will put my mind to peace
come perish with me
there's this fanfic and i'm so shit scared while reading it and it's fucking daylight but im losing my mind
aah i couldn't bring myself to watch lipstick under my burkha for some of the scenes caused me great anxiety. fire is on my list! will watch it when my depressed ass can take it
oh i haven't watched masaan yet. i was thinking of andhadhun too but i decided to mention movies that capture an aspect of indian culture and/or social stigmas prevalent in this country
ive been seeing this a lot among taegi fics these days, but could you all stop distributing deleted fics, there was probably a reason the author took their work down & they might not want people to read it.  unless you've confirmed with the author, please don't spread their fics
i used to try getting my fill from wattpad
funnily it's the very opposite for men, while for women virginity stands for purity, for men virginity brings bullying
🥺
them assuming that just because we're in a relationship, they always have my consent
i still haven't bothered installing weverse and that's completely understandable
any preference? [taegi]
i've noticed that too! but it's amazing. curionenene has another taegi as well   they're both so good
i have my justin bieber nights too, happens to the best of us
say it back undefined the great pretender !!! read them all
7 days in fairyland !!! i wish i could wipe my memory and read it again
thank you!!! i've only read the yoonmin, i'll read the rest !!
recommend your favorite light hearted fics, regardless of the pairing, i have a few free days and im tired of running ao3 searches
minjoon catfishing !
that's so cute!! but i was saved because it's set in the medieval era so technically the slang wouldn't be born yet 🎉
what do i do with this information it ruined my entire plot
after the wreckage that yoonki's red cheekies brought in my life, i had decided to make tae call him "sweetcheeks" endearingly when he blushes but a horrifying google search informed me that sweetcheeks is used to address someone with a nice 🍑
what kind of lazy justification is "couldn't say no to his puppy eyes"
who all are planning to burn themselves learning the lyrics to  ??? this will take me an entire century
im so emotionally exhausted from this mixtape im going to sleep bye guys
my biggest kink is declining friend requests
it was more of a research paper to support the art piece we'd be exhibiting
ravenclaw, yoongi
taegi: ftm + secrets
no he isn't accepting of your sexuality, he just has a lesbian fetish. lesson learnt the hard way
let me cry with you pls
how do i join :(
most of the time it doesnt stay the same unless that very dialogue spurred me to write the fic mostly i modify dialogue bc i have to remind myself that when people fight irl they aren't really listening to what the other person is saying bc they're stuck in their own head
table 9 looks like it will eat me for lunch
don't act like you don't wanna know yours
ʰʰᵐᵐᵐᵐᵐʰʲᵍᵈᶠᵐᵐᵐfamiliaʰʰᵐᵐᵐᵐᵐʰʲᵍ
ive been there 😔  here are some jihope fics i enjoyed in case you haven't read them
yes! i used to read xiuhan fics on livejournal. it was a different kind of experience, you had to remember author names & stuff. ao3 readers are kinda privileged with the whole navigation system set for them 😂 but that was fun in its own way
why does left-handed-ness turn me on??
ssdfghj i thought they were just kidding  i should've known better😔
pretty sure spring day will devour everyone in her way
pretty sure seokjin will devour him before he has the chance to
not a kdrama, but "the terror live" is one of the best korean thriller movies i've ever seen. esp because the entire movie is shot in 1 single room.
jungkook has been dating his bf since high school & everything is fine, until his boyfriend's best friend, taehyung, turns out to be the t.a for his photography class. it also doesn't help that he has the most beautifully offensive eyebrows.
please do 🥺
gay and i will be there at the same time
hopekook!!
a summer romance au, tae is a lifeguard undefined share cute sticky kisses
after dying his hair blonde, jin acquires super saiyan powers. when jk cheats in a game, jin bodily throws him across the room. jungkook gets a boner & an epiphany- he has a muscle kink.
don't know about "classic" but these are the ones i enjoyed-  yoonkook
taegi 🍒
can we please appreciate this? the staff who comes up with the genius concepts? bangtanies who go all out for 5 bucks? the cameramen who have to chase them? the editors behind the squeaky noises? the high quality subs? all for free?
sure thing!!
get the link!! i read a ton of xiuhan. or just describe it to me. although my guess is its that one longass reincarnation one - try to remember (and if you remember then follow)  but it's deleted now
🌼
watch the promised neverland
imagine if they end up finding fanfiction instead 😌
it's okay!! it's not that bad
your display name lol  hmm how about we exchange gift fics? i can write you a fic and you can write me one
i meant *please oh mygod
pleasure motivate me to write
yess! 🌠
liar game!!!!; i loved that manga✨✨✨
read my tweet before you judge.
i have read the fic but i left it midway bc frankly it made me uncomfortable. in my opinion, it left out some crucial elaboration on the complications that arise with a wide age gap. it felt as if they were ignored for the sake of plot advancement. that's my opinion though :/
in case you were planning on reading it
idk about the ending since i haven't read it, but banana bread, for me, lacked an important moral aspect. it idealised relationships with a huge age gap, the characters didn't grapple with any kind of a moral dilemma.
its just started it goes on for 6 months i don't know why i do this to myself
the bingo is tiring me out 😔
hopekook!
i don't know about the description but the rainbow colors looked pretty ♥️
you mean to tell me that lost & found is lengthier than the 1st three harry potter books combined?
yes, and im pretty sure seokjin's behind those rumors anyway
they memorise the other's schedule and "accidently" bump into each other when the science & arts departments are literally the 2 buildings furthest from each other
they awkwardly clear the air and part ways  both, blushing and thinking: "ah he's so pretty!"
well i did make your bingo card 🙃
how about the opposite "everyone thinks we're dating"??? where the entire uni thinks the astrophysics prof undefined when tae approaches yoongi to clear things up, yoongi literally mistakes him for a grad student
i thought so too but there's that run punishment with 🌻 yoon2seok so mayhaps???there's???more
vhope!
moving on...
your bar for morals is pretty low. it can not be a fetish/kink & still have a lack of elaboration and exploration on the issues that may arise out of relationships with a wide age gap
-_-
i should continue reading it even when it's causing me discomfort? it may be a good fic but i'm allowed to have my opinion on it?
i agree
ahhhhhhh
i'm so grateful you have no idea 🥺
i can't either
!!!!!
what a nice cute blur to have ._.
you've been to one??? can't relate :/
i don't even wear one during the day
i was so sure i won't get to see it but maybe???👀
it's only slightly shorter than the lord of the rings trilogy put together
hp 1 +2 +3 = 269k lost & found = 406k
i need nerdy mutuals :/
jungkook is for  the sweetest lovable obvious overachiever; tireless
taehyung is boolean  is either the best honest boy or the smartest conniving bastard, there's no in-between
jimin is var  flexible af
hoseok is catch  appears naive & unassuming :) until :) you :) fuck :) up :)
yoongi is void  will take no one's shit, will return no shit, no discrimination
seokjin is ;  unabashedly petty, will always have the last word in an argument
namjoon is ===  the one overachieving kid in class
bts as java / javascript : a thread
namjoon: please use me
4 😔
thank you so much!! for reading and leaving such lovely comments!! i should be finished with chapter 2 soon, i hope you enjoy that too!
sway me?
i'd love to help but english isn't my first language either 😔
:)
exactly! he's so petty, he wouldn't let you forget his existence
this tae            +                    this yoongi
it's okay taegi i never liked you two anyway
alternatively, jimin as byte (bite) sized
where the heart is got updated. whos crying
when will i ever learn to finish fics for once
*baekbama
try writing baebama you'll know
i swear to god cant they keep their ships out of this for once
im in second year college and i still dont have any
asdfghjkklllll
i spoke "omega slick" out loud to an irl friend, i feel like a changed person
taegi have some weird ass height difference and trying to write them getting dirty in some medieval age stone bathtub in multiple positions has me doing some sketchy math
this sex shit is damn hard
!!!!!! 😳
it is!! really good!!
😂 i can relate to your pain
no no lol i was thinking of how the word you used is often used to refer to jerking off amongst the youth in my country
lmao
yes? typing on phones is disgusting
lmao, you can message me if you're having problems with the plot, or look at the pinned thread for a beta?? you could discuss your fic with them and see how it could be improved
it ain't for a fest. but lol i hope the fic that's troubling you isn't for the trope subversion bingo
im still laughing tbh
omygofgggd
magic shop 🌟
you can look here if you want
haha i'm working on the 2nd chapter of this fic    i'm almost done with it so you may see the porn soon enough!!!
i'm almost done! just need to make yoongi come the 3rd time & then taehyung come + write the last scene + proofread so that i don't make a fool out of myself in front of you  and then i'm done
3k of smut with tae calling yoongi sweetcheeks good good
i snorted
you try watching a lecture on human evolution by a male and you get a sentence where he talks about rape being "a wonderful instrument of gene flow in human population"
:)
"you're ethereal, you're beautiful, and you're so vivid that you can't be seen through a mind that's already closed off, i wish you could see yourself the way i see you, i wish you could love yourself the way i love you"
unbeknownst to him, yoongi can use it only once on a person, and he already used it on tae when tae wouldn't stop crying after a staff muttered "is he mentally ill" while tae was goofing off,   and yoongi held him by the shoulders and spoke -
a taegi au, where yoongi can command anyone into following his bidding, and taehyung grapples with the idea that his emotions may not even be his own, that yoongi may have manipulated him into loving him
"what yoongi wants, yoongi gets" was an amusing phrase the fans came up with, except the members slowly begin to realise yoongi's got charmspeak
it was so endearing and im flattered you liked the update!! it motivates me to write so much more !!
this is so cute 🐰
i live for those details!! the usernames!! the ㅂvlive!! the colors are so pretty too !!✨
thank you love 🐰
this is so good!!
aaaaaaaand the 2nd chapter is up!!!
the cutest!!
omg just give me a few more minutes
you're cute !!
imagine the wholesome sweet and thoughtful child with all the superior genes, the leg, the dimples, the soft, that namjoon would raise
butcher the sucker
3.42857142857 is not equivalent to purgatory
my fics 🌠
thread thingy ~🐰
heyy! i'm glad you liked the fic!! it's a pretty old work that i'm frankly not proud of so it's surprising but i'm happy you could enjoy it!
:) no problem! i hope you enjoy reading them!
few fics that helped unveil some of my biases / changed my thinking and caused a big shift in my life         reply with fics that had a similar effect on you
there aren't any taegi fics that really moved me as such but these are a few favorites that i like rereading every so often
nooo write some angsty 2seok, i honestly don't like how some members are reduced to being the funny chaotic characters esp seokjin they're more than just comic relief, give them angst, make them pine, have them reincarnate over and over again but always make one forget the other
don't know easiest but hoseok is the hardest to write
ive only read these 3, dm me if you get any recs 😔
i like inflicting pain on everyone within my reach 😃
this one's going there too 😌
it's my full time job
i read this recently and it's super sweet
aaah if i had known your @ i wouldve tagged you ._.
isn't this your cryptid au hoseok
can i pass it with only a single 5 🌟 card?
can't relate
ah im sorry! id seen the post a while back and believed it was true for a long time. thank you for bringing it to my attention
been 4 years for me :/ it's been drilled in my mind that traditional academia is the only form of "studying" that now bc i haven't picked a textbook in ages i feel ive become stupid
ngl me too
oh ive read it!! it's really nice
link 👀
taehyung owns a camera shop that develops uncensored explicit photographs
"it's pointless trying to think of the future. what matters is that they're happy together in the present, that they have each other to lean on."  "i should take a photo of them together."  "i'm sure they'll love it."
"i'm kinda happy that our friends know." tae whispers into yoongi's neck that night, "but i never guessed kook and joon-hyung would be dating."  "it's not surprising, they've only had eyes for each other ever since school."  "do you think they-"  yoongi silences him with a kiss
everyone is shocked but they congratulate them.   it's a somber night since they all know that if the wrong people were to hear of this, their 4 friends could possibly be beaten to death on the street
the pieces fall into place when jungkook finally enters the room again, grabs namjoon by the collar & kisses him in front of everybody. he then announces that they're dating  the announcement is immediately followed by tae's confession that he and yoongi are dating too.
the mood worsens. jungkook smokes a cigarette in the balcony as the game continues. yoongi starts drinking too much & seems intent on provoking tae to kiss other men in the room throughout the night
things take a turn for the worse when namjoon is dared to kiss tae on the mouth  they're both uncomfortable still namjoon goes for it. but right before they kiss, jungkook abruptly gets up and walks out of the room
[set in 1960s]  the boys plan a get-together at seokjin's house and it's all good until jimin suggests they a game of play truth & dare by spinning the bottle between the 7 of them  as the night progresses, it turns out that the once close friends dont know much about each other
:)
i want to write a full 49k in the victorian era with duke taehyung lusting over yoongi's ankles
when will ao3 let me do advanced search and filter at the same time
yoogie   yoogie     yoogie       yoogie         yoogie       yoogie     yoogie   yoogie yoogie   yoogie     yoogie       yoogie         yoogie       yoogie     yoogie   yoogie yoogie   yoogie     yoogie       yoogie         yoogie       yoogie     yoogie   yoogie yoogie   yoogie
...are you me? im going through the same thing
im little over 3 months older than him
i would disagree & say taegi have plenty of fics now. they're one of the bigger ships. although if you want fic recs dm me!!
after im done with the fic im currently writing ill hurt myself with this 😔
i want it too but i have to finish my other fics first :<
lemme finish the giantass fic im working on first :(
maybe once im finished with the behemoth of a fic im writing
maybe after ive finished the fic im working on :(
the behemoth of a fic im already writing :<
gimmeee
lmaao
that's just as important :( work on making yourself feel better first
you may feel worse after missing an important class, but if it's due to health reasons don't go
gooo
congrats!! ✨
this is literally the plot of a fic i am writing ._.
i just don't find the game fun anymore, it feels like you can't reach anywhere if you don't spend money.
well technically they wore gloves... but dw taehyung presses kisses on the insides of his wrists too!
(ง ื▿ ื)ว
reincarnation over and over again but one of them doesn't remember undefined
yes! im fleshing out the plot!!
:d
oh my god
since the tweet has become mildly popular (i have no clue why) here is the taegi fic im currently working on    i can only start working on that once im finished writing this
taehyung breathes "my pretty" into every inch of his skin, almost reverently like yoongi's body is something to be worshipped
+ taehyung presses kisses to yoongi's feet, from the toes to his ankles and calves, and slowly climbs up to his thighs.  his mouth leaves delicious red bites in its wake and yoongi deliriously thinks that they resemble roses
lol no
at ur own risk. dont tell me i didnt warn u
angst
its n o t what u think believe me
oh and the teacher/student taegi too ugh someone slap some sense into me
but i have a train tmrw ;u; when will i actually learn to complete my fics
this is so cute asdfgklll please appreciate ur favourite authors
there really needs to be an ot3 with kids but fuk if im going to write it *dont look at me* rude
this is so good w o w
its the holy bible
we never played t . t
that too this is in the first scene of the 3rd chapter, stop me please
i found the first fic i ever wrote in my journal when i was 15, my boarding school didn't allow internet access so after every chapter the journal would be circulated in each dorm. people used to form a queue to read it. i'm mortified
this is the only taejin fic ive read, but it's lovely
🐥🐥🐥
i'm just a sucker for the sunny x emo pair!! all my otps have the same dynamic- narusasu / taegi  although i like the oikawa x iwa-chan pairing too!
i ship nishinoya x tsukishima, it seems like rair pair shipping is written in my stars 😔
( ˙꒳​˙ ) thank you!!
lmao it's a very problematic field
i understand and agree with most of the points the anon mentioned, there's no one to blame. writers write what they want, readers read what they want.   if you like a fic, simply recommend it to the people you know will enjoy it.
we have our own preferences and time constraints as well, and to expect us to prioritize reading fanfiction over everything is too much. browsing under the ao3 tag yourself would work way faster
i understand the op isn't trying to offend fic rec accts, but it's often the case that people just expect us to justify all authors, read every fic of all genres/tropes. but that is just? there's an undertone of entitlement, for we are also readers like everyone else. +
(*꒦ິ꒳꒦ີ)
it is her
it is towards the end of the ball, near midnight, when he sees a familiar figure.  the woman stands near the exit, she seems to be debating whether to leave and taehyung doesn't know how he just knows-
he dances with them, a song each, and tries to look at their feet inconspicuously.   except it isn't as easy for the women are either chatty or bad dancers, and ankles can really only hold as much variation and by the end of it taehyung has moved no further from where he started.
taehyung looks around for yoongi, but his best friend is nowhere to be seen.   but he doesn't have time to ponder on the whereabouts of his friend when every lady in the town is asking for a dance with him.
on the other hand, yoongi has put the utmost effort into concealing himself, his face is hidden behind veil, his dress conceals his arms and legs, gloves on his hands.   he thinks he looks more like a corpse.
and so the night of the ball approaches, the entire town talks about it. every girl is dreaming of dancing with the handsome duke, they've covered their faces with makeup, putting on their best appearance.
but at the end of it all, the truth is that yoongi is weak.   and when it comes to taehyung, there was never a question of resisting in the first place.
👀👀👀
the thought of taehyung finding him attractive makes him flush and on most nights, he sighs dreamily.  but the reality is that yoongi is a man, and taehyung will never want him the way yoongi desires. their friendship will crumble under the weight of his lie.
except his best friend sees him once, then twice and then he wouldn't shut up about the woman with the pale alluring ankles.
except on saturday nights when he allows himself a few hours of reprieve and dresses himself in gowns and veils, shrouds himself till no one can recognize him, and goes to visit the bar where he can enjoy the piano's melody, drink beer and let himself drown in his little bubble.
he may have been if his father's health had not been deteriorating at the rate it had been. he doesn't wish to cause him more grief, so he swallows his desires and keeps them locked up inside of him.
but he knows if he spoke his thoughts out loud, he'd be laughed at, or worse scorned, shunned, beaten up. he's seen it happen to others who dare to speak against the way their world ordinarily works, but he's not that brave.
but it is unthinkable, for a male to want to wrap himself in femininity and admire the curve of his waist in the mirror.   yoongi's never had the most masculine figure, or been the biggest of men but he's a man & he doesn't think wearing women's clothes makes him any less of one
unbeknownst to him, his infatuation is his friend yoongi who doesn't like the shape of his body in tunics and coats- who likes the feel of stockings against his thighs, likes the lace of the bodice against his skin, the way skirts fall from his hips, swishing between his legs.
his best friend yoongi tells him it's a bad idea, he seems prickly about it, but taehyung is determined to find the mysterious enchantress.
taehyung decides to hold a ball, he invites every lady in the town, promising the women that he'll dance with each one of them (in hopes of recognizing the ankles he's been staring at)
so duke taehyung keeps pining after a maiden's ankles, but she has always kept her face concealed under a veil. strangely, nobody seems to know her identity either, she only rarely appears in town- mostly to watch poets or singers on saturday nights at the bar.
taehyung's hands fall back to his sides. he looks uncertain, confused, makes a hesitating move to reach out, but yoongi takes another step back.
"can i see you again?" he asks again, and it's only when his fingers come to pinch the hem of yoongi's veil does he manage to pull away with a harsh exhale.
taehyung's hands almost encircle his waist, his grip isn't tight enough to lock him into place, but his eyes have bewitched him- turned yoongi to stone.
"may i have a name?" taehyung murmurs, eyes trying to bore past yoongi's veil, and yoongi's throat closes up. he wants to pull away but his body doesn't move, it has melted under taehyung's touch.
the song fades away and yoongi feels taehyung's grip on his waist tighten.  they're not dancing anymore, taehyung's hands splay across yoongi's waist, and for the first time in the night, yoongi feels a cold dread crawl up his spine.
but the clock strikes one and the sound pulls yoongi out of his reverie.  the song is coming to a close and yoongi sees the ballroom is relatively empty, most of the women have left seeing how taehyung and yoongi haven't stopped dancing since they began.
the feeling of having taehyung's eyes on him is intoxicating, he never dared to hope that the man he's desired for all these past long years would ever look at him like this.
yoongi feels the time slip by, he loses count of the songs, forgets to be wary. strangely, he feels freer than he has ever felt in these clothes despite the fact that there are more eyes on him than there have ever been.
he lets out a gasp when taehyung's hand leaves his, and travels to his waist, lifting him up in the air with ease.  taehyung notes his surprise and grins. yoongi's cheeks burn.
each time yoongi hesitates, taehyung simply pulls him closer. each time yoongi meets his gaze from underneath the veil, he feels his fears ebb away, shying away from the look in taehyung's eyes.
✨✨✨✨ ᵗʰᵃⁿᵏ ᵘ
and the truth of it all is that yoongi is weak. and when it comes to taehyung, there was never a question of resisting in the first place.  so he places his hand on taehyung's shoulder once again and taehyung spins him away in another dance.
yoongi feels eyes on them, he can hear people start to talk around them. when the third song comes to a close and yoongi makes a move to pull away, he feels taehyung's arms pull him closer.  "another?" he whispers.
yoongi trails his palm further up taehyung's shoulder and dances with his best friend like he only ever imagined in his dreams.   they dance for what feels like hours, the song comes to a close but taehyung doesn't let go, so yoongi doesn't either.
yoongi battles a furious flush, and keeps his eyes averted from taehyung's gaze.   they dance. yoongi is stiff for a few minutes but it's almost as if his body gradually melts under taehyung's gentle touch and warm gaze.
yoongi had been ready to leave, but he feels fingers circling his wrist, holding him back with a strong grip.  to have taehyung so close to him when he's dressed like this, for him to be looking at him straight in the eye and asking him for a dance- yoongi nods in a trance
yeah i got carried away lol
maybe the reason tae is unable to move on is because yoongi is the reincarnation of his lover ._. he likes to joke around but he's just happy to get to be around him, but yoongi doesn't know any of this and tries to find a way for tae to move on
taehyung likes to paint pretentious stock phrases on yoongi's bathroom mirror with ketchup, he also likes to float in the room and cackle when a is masturbating  but when yoongi is sleeping, tae would try to caress his cheek except his fingers would pass right through
he strides towards her, ignoring everyone who tries to grab his attention, and grasps her wrist just as she's about to leave.  "may i have a dance with you?"
taehyung to yoongi:  a. "may i kiss you again, sweetheart?"  b. "one more, sweetcheeks?"
:< everything will be gay and cute in the end i promise
i loved collecting glass marbles, those crystal green-blue ones. i had over 500 and they all had names :>
i'm not sorry :)
he is a man, and this is not his world.
hot humiliation burns his lungs, he'd known how it would turn out yet he'd let himself be pulled into taehyung's orbit.  the reality is a cold concrete, unforgiving.
he hears taehyung's footsteps after him, but the panic shoots though his legs, pushing him forward.   he runs and stumbles on his high heeled shoes. in his hurry, he steps out of one, holds his skirts up as he runs out of taehyung's castle, tears dripping down his cheeks.
the fright is starting to settle in his body, his bones and muscles, and before he can think himself out of it, yoongi turns and runs.
"wait" taehyung calls out but yoongi is waking up from the fantasy he'd let himself indulge in at the cost of his friendship and reputation.
he can feel people stare, he's starting to feel foolish, dressed in women's clothes like he could ever fit in, like taehyung would ever desire him if he knew the truth.  he feels the acid in his mouth, bitter and resentful.
i think you should stop...
you're killing me
i love yodeling, but thank you!!! 😭 don't go though, i need you to read 22k of my filth
i'll play singularity at your funeral dw
not continuous, just pulled out from in between. it needs a lot of work so don't go editor on me just yet 😳
because i love you
the one vote it has is from myself
get well soon!!! ✨
i have the highest standards and the lowest self esteem, and it's getting me nowhere
omygodfgg    if we looked anything like that doing our gold
you should take a look at  's spreadsheet, it pretty much carried me through the 6th & 7th chapter
i'm almost finished writing it too!! so you'll get to read it soon!
career choices against financial resources, wearing clothes that suit my identity but not the social norms, bad posture
(*꒦ິ꒳꒦ີ)
he's a philanthropist, marry him
it already is the death of me. ive been living and breathing this fic for the past 7 days. it's a monster
lmaao ive made my way through 3k of it. please pray for me, this is a filthy night, ill never be the same after today
fair warning, don't read it at night if you have any sense of self preservation
there's this too!
's been grilling me so hopefully it'll be soon enough 😔
🥺 will you stop making me cry
that was the time i knew every taegi fic ever posted and now they're basically reproducing amongst themselves i swear
oh damn. same
it is in the works don't worry 😌
ofc there's happy smut for chapter 4, not even a question
you're making me feel guilty about adding the angst lmao
it's already written, i'm editing it at this very moment but it's like a 30k monster so 😔
😂😂 well you for one now know my hormone levels
my hormone levels:  ███████ ███████ ███████ ███████ ███████ ███████ ███████ ███████ ███████ ███████                   _____ thinking of tae          actually writing it pressing yoongi against the wall
why are you doing this to me 😭
i'm sorry!!!! 😭😭
i am positive i looked like a fried insect
thank you 🥺
i'm glad you liked it!!!
lmao imagine i spent weeks writing it. we all make fascinating life choices 😀
ah i know that feeling too, i prefer compete fics as well! but lol the next chapter will probably take a lot of time :/ but thank you, i hope you like it whenever you do read it!
i hope you like it!! ✨
💜💜💜
i'm excited for you to read it too!
i hope you like it!!!! ✨
thank you!! 💜
i hope you like it!!! ✨✨
don't!! everything is nice and gay at the end, i promise!
ihq is 😌
that is a very apt description...
also that hug fairy kept denying my previous requests to send you a hug, so  *hug*
oh my god please don't even talk about that, it's embarrassing enough that you had to witness that
chapter 3 is up!! and it's 28k, lengthier than the first two chapters combined   because i hate myself
😂 in that case read this instead
then it's not the best idea lol, it's really frightening, i literally advertised the one scene in it that isn't creepy
i may write a thread fic!
please have some mercy on me 😂 i'll probably just make a teeny tiny twt thread
yoongs, asian, ace
🐧
lmaao
are they really a friend
than you so much for reading!!
i hope you enjoy the update !! 🌠
🌟✨✨
he does! mostly, but he has his own reasons holding him back! but don't worry this is fanfiction lol, it'll all work out in the best possible way
oooh a taegi moment i havent seen this is precious
i started it and left after like 10 secs into it it pissed me so fucking much
ahhh theories everywhere i just love this fandom  (but rly babe what do u mean him?)
when ppl compliment my hair me: uh thanks..i grew it myself
done deal
/sobs/ i warned youuuu
n ooooooooooooo im soryyy no come backkk ill give you lots of cuddless<3
ok im gonna sleep i have to travel tmrw. tell me how u feel when ur finished reading it :))))))
:))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))
say my name!!! it happened quiet!!! they're both amazing ✨
i was curious and after a quick ao3 search, i found out that there are more jikook abo fics than all of 2seok fics combined
i was gonna say that this is my fic but you're already there 😂
and and when the conflict inevitably comes, yoongi is good at feelings and chases taehyung down to talk to him imagine that
we've all read the one fic with a tsundere barista yoongi where tae flirts with him for all eternity, and yoongi scowls and blushes, but but here this- tae is the hot tattooed guy at the bookstore with a lip ring and yoongi is the one with the giant crush who flirts
i'm really hoping for under 30k don't shatter my dreams
wait till you inevitably hear about the new 50k taegi idea that struck me yesterday
what do you think the taegi cinderella fic is 😌
thank you love 🌟
yoongi may be a vampire, half cat, a girl, or even pregnant in fanfiction, but god forbid there's ever a fic where he's a good dancer, no that's where he's out of character
of course!! you don't have to credit me since it's literally the most unoriginal idea of the fanfiction realm  but please do link it when you finish i'd love to see it!!!
i hope you like it!!!
sure thing!! but it probably won't happen for a while for im just trying to finish my ongoing fics atm :(
yes! it is!
i regret everything
thank you!! ✨ can't commit to the pups request though ._.
aaah thank you!! 🌠
i knew you had an agenda when you offered to proofread for me 🙂
or use the otp:true method
stan bts:  - okay  eat bts:  - gain their titan powers
your fic is gorgeous ✨
thank you!!
i'd like to say it gets better, but it gets a little worse before it gets better 🙂
link??
you didn't....
thank you!! although it'll take a while before the last chapter is finished :( i'm still working on it
ahh i hope you like it! ✨✨
the final chapter of my ongoing fic!
you get a happy ending too so maybe not 👀
all the angst inside me had to go somewhere  😭
it had to happen 😔 but it gets better!
perhaps 👀 but you also get the happy ending free with it so yay?
wtf am i doing
english teachers were pretty much my mothers except that one crazy one you know who
i'd do the same, but probably not with like a dozen cameras zooming on me 😂 drunk yoongi is wild
i love how the dialogue just fits without context
i don't want a taegi selca, i'm perfectly sated with this.
my 1st chapter yoongi and 4th chapter yoongi are completely different people, how do i fool everyone into thinking that it's just character development
what fic is this?
[narrator voice] just what is going on inside their head?  my mind:
ahh no the show's really good, you'll enjoy it anyway!! tell me what you think of it when you're finished!
unfortunately you continue to remain in that state for all the 12 episodes. i personally watched it all in one night and id honestly recommend it, it doesn't feel as good in the day
that anime is great!!! :'>
omygod i can't unhear it now
believe me, me too 😔
i literally drape myself over you, i'm offended
maybe try describing the atmosphere to friends and let them throw music recs for you to listen to?
art, computer science, math, english, philosophy
and that squeak he made 👀
haven't watched that thankfully. but i'm looking at kakegurui
same, there are some amazing anime plotlines that i want to watch but i can't even notice anything about the female characters other than their breasts and it just turns me off the entire show
yes! i cried!
some of my faves! they're all pretty long so it should keep you occupied    (hopekook, arranged marriage)   (taegi, suburban horror)   (vhope, slice of life)   (taegi, 1990s college)
thank you so much love!!! ✨✨✨✨✨
thank you!! i've slaved away 4 years for this degree, it was a long time coming, at least now i can show something to invasive aunties who keep telling my parents to get me married off
thank you so much!! 🌠🌠
yess 😭😭 it's been 4 years at least now i can show something to annoying relatives who've made an occupation of asking my parents to marry me off
thank youu!!! 😭😭😭
thank you so much!!! ✨✨
thank you 😭😭
i finally graduated!! 🌠 and and and i won the best academic performance award and i had no clue until like 5 minutes before i got it and i ran into the chief guest & almost dropped the trophy because i was so scared of tripping on my clothes but fuck that im so happy!! 🌠🌠🌠🌠
thank u it's my only redeeming quality :-:
you're not dense, a lot of these things are normalised within us so we don't immediately sense that it is wrong. and it's good if someone points it out, it gives you an opportunity to unlearn some of the toxic mindsets you've absorbed unknowingly. so it's a good thing!
me:    :(  run bts: lets partyy~  me:    :)
it's ok if you don't want to do it because you're uncomfortable around males. you'll get another opportunity don't worry.
taegi, anime, the one fic we both rave about, and crickets lol 😂
thank you!!! ✨✨✨✨
what a sweetheart. mine hums "run run run" in a nasal voice to make me laugh when i'm crying on the phone
it really is 😭😭 thank you so much!!!! ✨✨✨
thank you so much love!! 🌠🌠
thank you!!! ✨✨✨
thank you love!! 🌠🌠 i'm just happy to be done with it tbh
thank you!!! ✨✨✨ i'm just glad to be done with it, but now it's time to get a job and i'm procrastinating by writing a 80k taegi fic 😂
so believe me, my self image of my work and the actual quality of my work were way different. and you shouldn't even for an external source of validation either. just do your best and let your work speak for you, i'm certain you'll do great!🌠🌠 if you ever feel down, just dm me!
omg no you'll do great!!! honestly i never expected to get the award because my work wasn't recognized in college, my projects never fit the traditional template of the kind of projects they got, honestly at two points during my final project, i screamed at the jury & walked out
yes i've only been working on my taegi fic 😌
we'll never escape it 😂 but masters is so daunting i don't even wanna think about it
thank you so much!! ✨✨✨
thank you!! i'm just glad to have made it in one piece 😭😭
thank you sweetheart!!! ✨✨✨
thank you love!!! 🌠🌠
aaaah thank you precious!! 😭😭😭
thank you so much!!!!! 😭😭😭
it's so sweet and nostalgic
please vote for nell in the best band performance too 🥺
i want to talk about taehyung who is the god of destruction, the devourer of worlds, but only on weekends, and on weekdays he is a caffeinated college student fretting about a tinder date with a pretty boy
thank you for your sweet words! and don't worry, through the magical powers of fanfiction, everyone will be given the best possible ending lol
uh, the 4th chapter is a dramatic shift, what so far had been slow burn and romance is going to get very politically heavy and because i'm not familiar writing action/thriller undefined30k, you probably won't see the update until mid november at least  :(
i'm sorry ;-; but thank you so much for reading !!!
no you live in a society. i live in the min yoongi | suga is good at feelings tag
there's more    (yoonkook)   (yoonkook)   (hopekook & also my favorite fic ever)   (yoonmin)   (namgi)
(vmon)   (vmin)   (jihope)   (hopekook)   (yoonkook)   (yoonkookmin)   (vhope)   (namkook)  🙂 enjoy
i felt that too with the word nipple 😂 you get accustomed to it don't worry
i relate to your situation honestly. and i hate it when people just tell you to push through your discomfort, it completely invalidates your trepidation esp when there are actual valid reasons for you to feel like that. so yh, don't worry too much about it ✨
😂 just say that you want me dead. it's not like you aren't already dangling the 10k sex sword over my head.
everyone who's been asking for an update to your silence, believe me i've been writing every minute i can get, but the update is literally bordering on 40k so it's not as if i'm not writing, i am, it's the length that's absurd so the update wont come at least till late november
have u read this? it's really cute
vhope 🙃 46
omygof
why would you hurt me like this?
you say upcoming like i've even started writing it 😂
you don't sound so sure 😂 but yh let's see
it really is like that 😔
😂😂😂
i'm positive you won't want it, it's pre-apocalypse and everyone dies in 2 weeks 🙂
i like to hurt myself 😌
i'll eventually end up doing that too 😔
im only rising from my hibernation to tell u that i absolutely love ur fics and ur my ultimate bias /crawls away/
i like how more nonau fics have suddenly adopted agustd instead of suga as his underground rapper stage name
savage
please remember that we're with u, please believe in yourself as much as we do  힘tojhope
asdfghjkl ur so cute
nahhh its not angsty atleast nothing triggering or depressing and the one-sided yoonmin isnt a big focus
no no its fucking amazing believe me there's no angst (i think?)
its worth a read anyway, its beautiful. and what about this?
babe have u read this?
yoongi saves up for months, he doesnt tell tae, everytime he tries, a bitter acid crawls up his throat, yoongi feels selfish, esp bc he's buying him, he's putting a price to tae's value, he doesnt know if tae even wants to be with him  not like androids are asked what they want
and not touch like customers did - a flirty finger trailing across chest, or a hand on his thigh, but touch like he wanted to feel the warmth of the flush on his cheeks or see the flutter of his lashes when he booted up, yoongi wants, he wants, he wants so much
tae was actually employed in a host club, and yoongi used to come talk to him whenever he could, and tae just felt so human, more human than yoongi felt on most days  but there's always that ache inside him, the one that yoongi felt everytime he wanted to just touch
imagine lonely shy college student yoongi saving up for years to buy a beautiful boy android tae just so he can feel even an imitation of human intimacy, unaware he's going to get the very real thing and much much more
thank you!! i hope you have a nice day/night too!
i'm ok actually!! i'm not scared but that might be more because i haven't slept in 48 hours lol, but thank you 🥺 i hope this is the last of it too
update: this morning 3 of my fingers were crushed in between the door and i felt awful, i threw up, and it was ok till now, it's night and i've opened the door twice & both those times something fell off the shelf.
thank you so much! i really want to be done with it too, but i want to do my characters justice. i really hope the wait is worth it ✨
thank you 😭
i think i'm more freaked out now than before. i kept convincing myself that everything was well within the laws of physics and that my mind is hardly a reliable source, but uh, i'll see if it continues / gather evidence that i've not gone mad?
i really fucking hope so 😭 i've kept the light on the entire night and i couldn't sleep at all
so i was entering my room, but right as my hand left the door and i walked past, the door was pushed open again like something entered the room right behind me, like pressed against my back, and i turned around there was nothing and  i've been freaking out ever since
yoongs carrying a pocket sized pupper tae in his gakuran's breast pocket as he returns from the grocery store after buying tae's favourite munchies 🥺 ooor whatever you want lol
my fic's already past the word count of the 1st hp book 😭 it's just 4 chapters too
the 40k will suck out my soul before i ever get to you
this one is really cute
but..um imagine a baby vamp! kook and a centuries old vamp! seokjin fighting about their age gap for all eternity
thank you so much for writing it !!!!!  ꒰⑅ᵕ༚ᵕ꒱˖♡
thank you for the beautiful fic 😭✨✨
we aren't getting shit 😂
"please" he whispers almost reverently  so yoongi hesitantly reaches out to interlace their hands  tae's mouth parts just a little, this is the first time they've touched & yoongi is almost surprised how soft taehyung's skin is, how warm his hand is, how good it feels against his
"oh" yoongi blinks, this close he can see how long his lower lashes are  "we can do that then?" he smiles, feeling absurdly shy all of a sudden  tae's face breaks into a wide smile, gleeful and so so pretty
"hyung, this is not a joke, right?" he sounds so vulnerable, yoongi's chest tightens  "no, ive been saving up, i wanted to - but i didn't know if you'd want -"  "i want" taehyung gasps out, his cheeks are red
"you would?" tae stutters, yoongi hears the machinery whirring inside him, like he's overheating. cute  "i wanted to uh, bring you home with me?" the wording is awful & yoongi is about to stutter out an apology but tae immediately leans towards him, part nervous part excited
"to paris, um, if you want..." he most definitely cannot, not financially at least, but he'll work it out, yeah, he will if tae continues to stare at him like his natural language processor just short-circuited and plummeted down his body, taking down all the wiring with it
one day, tae is talking about paris and art and walking under the stars, and how it'd feel, how he's always watched movies and he wonders what romance feels like, and yoongi's throat constricts for the beautiful beautiful boy in front of him  "i can take you" yoongi blurts
tae's always been too curious, too excited, too sensitive, and it's just so charming, most of their time together, yoongi is just content to sit & listen to him talk about all the different people he met at the club
but sometimes, sometimes tae would talk about how he wants to travel. he can see all these beautiful images, but he wants to feel the sand of the beach, or the wind on a carousel
the italicized "truth" lmao, i laughed
this remains my best tweet
thank you love!! ✨✨✨ i haven't read either of those, i'll read them tonight ☺️
ohhh i haven't read the 1st one, thank you!! and yes, my irl is angsty enough 😔
i've read that fic! omygod it's amazing, i'm probably gonna reread it, i feel awful rn
i'm like constantly in need of recs, i'll definitely take you up on that offer lol. thank you so much 💖
wow ok you're the best, i'll crawl my way through them ✨✨✨ thank you!!
😂 i've read that too!! but it's been so long, i'll definitely read it again!
wow thank you!! i think i can survive the entire week on these! ✨✨
i've only read the 3rd and it was adorable!! thank you so much i'll read the other 2 now!
i've read it!! but i will read again thank u 🥺
can someone please reply with fics, any pairing works? preferably not angsty though, i'm not feeling all that great
thank you !! it looks so cute
lmao, here u go
tell me
taehyung's chest lights up an iridescent silver in the middle of his first music theory class when the ta walks into the room, his own white shirt glowing violet and his eyes as wide as taehyung's
taegi soulmate au where your chest glows everytime your soulmate is near, and only stops when your soulmate places their palm splayed out over your heart
no offense but getting a job with a decent pay and not being harassed there actually sucks
that's a disposition every head should aspire to be in 😌
it's just your self-depreciating brain like you said! we just like to think that everyone holds strong opinions about us when they couldn't care less. here read this, and forget about it 😊
anyway im glad you now know that they like u as they should ✨✨
wait that sounds wrong omg, i just meant to say that i too think everyone hates me
your brain must be me
this is me 5 seconds back, reading taehyung call yoongi "sweetheart" bless u
floofy yoongi is floofgi
honestly i only just noticed the typo there so im gonna leave and take my dumb tweet with me
😔
good, i now have company
omg yes!!! that sounds so nice!! lemme think of more plot to go with this, if you have ideas dm me! ✨✨
im already crushed under the weight of this gigantic 90k taegi so probably not anytime soon :(
i spent 5 minutes thinking which colors would suit them 🥺 thank you!!
how dare me indeed 😔
it deserves to exist 🥺 lemme see if i can think of more plot to go with it
i'm sunk up to my neck in wips, so probably not :( but i liked the idea of hearts glowing so :( maybe someone else would want to write it :(
me too 😔 i spent 5 minutes thinking which colors would suit them
in the original timeline, yoongi's client was married to taehyung, she met yoongi in secret bc she didn't want tae to know (it'd hurt him) and everytime yoongi went back in time, bc he didn't accept tae, tae spent his life waiting for yoongi and eventually got married
yoongi watches the violet light slowly dim and fade away, but taehyung's hand doesn't move  "promise?" he asks, he still sounds unsure, and yoongi laces his fingers in the gaps of taehyung's  "promise" he says, and smiles
but nothing prepares him for when taehyung tentatively places his own hand right over yoongi's own heart. yoongi feels his breath catch as his heart stutters, almost as if it'd been lying dead and came to life at taehyung's touch
yoongi places his palm against taehyung's chest, watches tae's eyes widen and leans in to press his lips against taehyung's cheek  "i told you, i'm here to stay" he whispers
the day ends, yoongi can tell from the way tae keeps wringing his fingers together that he's scared yoongi is going to leave him again, so he steps forward till they're close enough for yoongi to feel the warmth from the silver glow of his heart
yoongi shows his client's proof, that he was sent to stop her from entering a loveless marriage, there are arguments because time travellers even in his time are met with skepticism, but the families eventually agree to cancel the wedding
they do!! i promise! ✨✨
"why?" taehyung cries, "why did you keep running away? i waited for you for years."   yoongi cups tae's cheeks in his palms, "i'm sorry" he whispers, "i'm sorry, i'm so sorry, i'm here now, i'm here to stay"
"it was you," yoongi whispers, incredulous, a choked laugh escaping his lips as he feels his own tears fall, "it has always been you."  all this while– he'd been–
"you come again on the day i am getting married?" tae gasps out, and yoongi doesn't know what to say. he drops to his knees and tentatively reaches out to touch tae's jaw with his thumb
"why?" taehyung whispers, voice thick, as he slides down the door, "why are you here today? today? when i finally gave up on you–"   he chokes on his tears, looks up at yoongi with wet lashes, and yoongi feels something in his chest twist and splinter and then break
and then tae is moving, he grabs yoongi by the wrist and drags him out of the venue. yoongi hears shouts behind them, but tae doesn't stop.  he drags them into one of the rooms of the resort but just as he closes the door behind him, his knees give away as if his strings are cut
it's as if time itself is suspended,  they meet eyes once again & yoongi can tell when the guests slowly begin to notice the two of them and the undeniable evidence on their chests. everyone quietens, the bride is yet to arrive
yoongi searches amongst  the guests but he can't find spot him. suddenly a knowing dread climbs it's way up to his throat and yoongi slowly, achingly turns to face the groom. and there is the familiar iridescent silver glow on the groom's chest
eventually yoongi is at his wits end, he decides to travel back in time to the day of the wedding in search of any clue that can help him prevent their marriage  except his chest glows again
undefined continues avoiding him   (he's also maybe afraid of facing the boy because of his own insecurities but that's neither here nor there)
it's tricky bc he cannot do anything too drastic, timelines are fragile and any careless alterations can lead to unintended upheavels  he especially cannot alter the lifelines of people not involved, but that becomes difficult bc he keeps running into his soulmate
yoongi is frustrated because he can't seem to alter the past, he has to make sure that his client doesn't marry the person she's married to in the future, but no matter what he does, the future remains unchanged
it's angsty because tae visits the same place for months in hopes of running into his soulmate again but he never does
this but time traveller! yoongi who is paid by clients to go back in time and undo their regrets, except he's on a job and his chest lights up a bright violet. yoongi locks eyes w/ his soulmate, sees the boy take a tentative step forward, feels the panic crawl up his spine & runs
noooooooo i forgot that existed !!!! i typed it directly into the dms and not in my notes so i forgot i had that idea too aaaaaaah this poll is useless now
as you should be 😌
stop lying 😂😂 you love the ankles one i know you
lmao but your taste ✨✨
your taste ✨✨✨
i'm sorry :((((
i'm sorry !!! :(
your choice 😌
yes!! i should be done with it soon!
taste ✨✨
i have like 3 soulmates plots in my drafts 😔 hopefully one of them will see light one day
i'll write them all anyway, but my current fic is reaching its close so i'll pick the next one to work on
ahhh im sorry!! im glad you liked it though ✨✨✨
thank you for reading !! ✨✨
thank you !! ✨✨
i'm sorry...
the saddest bit is that for yoongi, this time is just a few weeks, for tae these are years and years in every timeline :(
in every timeline, tae chases after yoongi, waits for him for years before getting heartbroken, and agreeing to his parents finding a match for him. it wouldn't end until yoongi stopped running away and accepted tae as good soulmate
have you read these?     but honestly i'll do anything for a dementor!yoongi love story
i need a lying conniving bastard hufflepuff! taehyung wooing a brutally honest yet easily flustered slytherin! yoongi that no one will give to me but myself
sometimes i just burrow myself inside the blanket cover
when i didn't have internet, i'd wait for the show to play on cable, sit with my mp3 player ready to record the opening & ending song so i could listen to them at night :/ and the recordings almost always had someone screaming in the bg
a whole ysimfs exists :|
i got cock, penis, marriage 😂😂😂 what do i do with those
aaaaah thank you!!!! ive read the first 2 and ill read the others as well!  here are a few recs from me too!
drop the link 😔
i'll think about how to fix it 😔
i ended up writing more of it anyway 😭 it's dumb as hell
he's still reeling from their kiss that he startles when taehyung pushes him behind one of the pillars.  "so" taehyung murmurs, "i'm reading this right, right?" one of his fingers brushes against yoongi's cheek, and yoongi shivers. "because i kinda want to kiss you again."
yoongi thinks back to taehyung kissing him and feels the heat return to his cheeks, but he nods in agreement. they leave the gryffindor common rooms to the sound of wolf whistles. yoongi wants to flip them off but taehyung grabs his hand, and pulls him out of the room.
it's not until hoseok reminds them of their early morning quidditch practice and everyone groans, that yoongi sees tae approach him.  "are you going to return to the dorms too?" yoongi shrugs, he doesn't have practice. "want to come with me to the astronomy tower?"
taehyung pulls away, retreating to his earlier position between hoseok and jungkook, and yoongi feels a little disoriented. the game continues, and yoongi feels taehyung's stare on him multiple times throughout the night.
he looks like he's ready to devour yoongi. and he probably would if not for namjoon's interference.   "okay, okay you both win."  "the was the best and most uncomfortable thing i've seen today." jimin sighs, a little dreamy.
someone hoots, most likely jimin. taehyung pulls away to catch his breath, he looks about as wrecked as yoongi feels. yoongi hears seokjin whisper an exasperated "finally" in the distance but he can't focus on much beside taehyung and the look in his eyes.
it lasts for a fraction of a second. yoongi pulls back, cheeks red and flustered, only for taehyung to lean closer and capture his lips in a second kiss. yoongi loses his balance undefined continues kissing him
i'm going through your vampire coven au atm before sending it to you, let me work on one piece at a time lolol
the reason i'm writing it here is so that i don't have to write it on ao3 to get it out of my system lmao
i take it back, i need them to play gay chicken, taehyung basically swings a leg and settles himself in yoongi's lap, smile nothing short of flirtatious, leaning in closer as he dares yoongi to top that, and yoongi who hates to lose, tips forward and kisses him full on the mouth
this...is my entire fic in under 280 characters
i like them all, but it depends on which one will be the smoothest to write, but thank you!! victorian era is my first choice too!
yes & i wish it never happened
aah i sent the wrong link (the first one) it was supposed to be this
you're getting quality content
he died, yet he just kept breathing
the colors are the prettiest!!! and yoongi omygod they're both so aaaaaaaaa i love it im just incoherent
i'm still mad over the (1) time we could've possibly gotten a taegi kabedon moment but they stood in the age order
thank you so much!! ✨✨ i'm really trying to finish it, i'm sorry for the long wait! but i hope it's worth it in the end!
doubtful but i'll take it 😊✨✨
my mom looked at me weird when i was testing out the distance from feet to crotch against what i supposed would be the height of a medieval bath ledge
it's true! a prototype of the bathtub sex in chapter 2 was tried and tested by yours truly
have y'all had to act out some particularly ambitious segments of your smut on your bed to check if the positions were humanly possible...or is it just me?
what's ur favorite animal
this tutor is cool. im guess tho i hope
i'm still sitting in a lecture tho
iloveyoumoreee i was reading ur fic during a lecture lol and it made me so smiley and giggly that the tutor called me out on it
nah its cute. ill still die about it but its ok
u googled it didnt u
asdfgh i h at e. ok but u keep releasing teasers and pathcodes like this how willi live
have any of u had those days where u have like 6000 assignments but u just go google trypohphobia instead ok but pls dont google it
im so proud of u. now give it to me /makes grabby hands/
ahhhh atleast one of us is happy. bless u sweetheart. im just going to rot here and become a mold
/weeps/ im not nice
aah have you seen train to busan? it's just the plot of that, with some tweaks. u should watch it if you haven't
tae would get over his crush (or rather idol worship in yoongi's opinion), better to nip it at the bud, not to mention that if anyone caught wind of tae's sexuality he'd be dropped too. that's why yoongi feels guilty, he doesn't want to see taehyung again, he thinks tae hates him
no no the him is simply taehyung, they had some unresolved past (taehyung had confessed his crush on yoongi when they were trainees) & then yoongi was dropped by the company, he left seoul without telling tae bc he thought it would be better like that, he let himself believe that
i hate u
where, taehyung is an idol & yoongi is  a single father, they're on the same train heading for daegu. they've both been running from their feelings for years, now they've got to run from zombies too, but maybe this time they can do it together  feat. baby koo
run -     idolverse where yoongi dropped out of the lineup and now bts is famous. he's thought about what would happen if he were to meet them again, if he were to meet him again  what he's never thought about is meeting him again on a train infested with zombies
calculations aren’t my thing (but i’m mathematical for you) -    tae pretends to be bad at math so he can ask his older brother's best friend to tutor him, not knowing that yoongi is terrible at it too. but yoongi agrees bc he's a dumbass (& maybe a little in love)
alone maze -    vampire! yoongi who was cursed by the gods to roam the lands forever lost, blind under the sun and starved for blood, feels his dead heart come back to life after 2000 years when he meets eyes with the bright eyed, flushed cheeks, church choirboy
madness love -    an obscure shop sits quietly in a small town, magic shop is its name, you'll find almost anything there, they say, but be careful of what you choose– for anything you request, you have to pay something of equal value  one day a boy tries to buy love
and sometimes when yoongi's sleeping, tae likes to look at him, he wants to touch, to brush his finger against a cheek, but his fingers simply pass through
ghost of a genius -    pianist yoongi & his flatmate ghost! taehyung, where yoongi is looking for a way to make tae pass on to spirit world, not knowing that the reason tae's spirit is stuck in this world is bc his lover was reincarnated in yoongi's body.
record of the year ✨
my fondest memory is when a girl bought me a muffin and asked if i would give her my number (you bet i did) we then sat in the library together & i showed her all the bts mvs
i, for one, am both. i am shit scared of posting it.
it's part of a horrifying ritual scene, i don't want to reveal much, but im glad this didn't discourage you lmao, i was so sure it would
you'll die a little but it'll be ok, yoongi is pretty badass ☺️ im happy that you still want to read it though!!
there's a happy ending, or well i hope so, i haven't written it yet. but there's one in my head so hopefully it'll come into existence soon enough
there's a lot of plot yet to unpack but i'll just say that there is more to yoongi's "sacrifice" than revealed so far undefined
yes that was me, im glad to have more join me in my suffering 🙂
that does make sense! i didn't actually think of that. but yh ill still post recs here if you want! or you can check out my bookmarks, they're all public, i read every pairing!✨✨
yes i definitely won't delete it, im just deciding if i want to pass it on to someone else or not. but thank you! im glad it has helped u!!!✨✨
i don't enjoy running that blog as much as i used to, i'll try to think of another way i can help promote fics :< but i guess ill either leave the blog as an archive or look for an admin
:< i'll try to find another way to help promote taegi fics
i want to close taegificrecs on tumblr :undefined but i kinda just want to move on too
thank you!!! luckily i haven't read any of them!! and yess i adore vmon too ✨✨
anyone has rarepair fic recs– vhope / taejin / 2seok / hopekook / or any other rare pairing really
the clowns are us
this is so good!!!!!✨✨✨✨
i feel attacked ☺️
nooo it's really so good, i love yoongi's character, i'd expected him to stay at tae's home the way fanfiction usually goes y'know, but i like how he's trying to fight for himself, can't wait to read more!! ✨✨✨  also i haven't watched purge, is it good??
this is so good!!! 😭
how??? 😭 im still on 8-7
don't we all 😔
if i could write every au that catches my fancy believe me i would 😭 i literally just sketched out an entire attack on titan taegi au last night knowing fully well that ill never write it 😭
me too 😔
i was thinking about how there are so little non-romantic fics in the fandom & this popped in my head 🥺
i've had this one thought about vampire yoongi taking care of a human 5 y/o tae and turning up at tae's school to threaten the kids who bullied him (with tae's little friends chim & kook cheering "yeah! show them hyung!" at the back) eating up about 93% of my brain space
it's from a skit on their ly:tear comeback show i believe
😂😂😂
i read every pairing, thanks!!! ive seen it around too, ill read it now! ✨✨
can y'all send your favorite mystery/horror fic recs ???
thank you so much!! i'm glad you liked it!!  ✨✨✨✨
lmao dw i just need sleep, you're good
had a random thought about how i feel like a scalar quantity, with magnitude and hopes and things, but like no direction. aiming to become a vector quantity by the end of this year.
the 1 project at a time is really coming to bite me in the ass right now
in the evening they're both in a convenience store, buying ramen for dinner, when they hear explosions and police sirens outside and yoongi can't change into his superhero costume without taehyung discovering his identity
where yoongi & taehyung's drunk coworkers think it would be hilarious to handcuff them together but come morning, the key is nowhere to be found, and it wouldn't be the worst thing yoongi's been put through except
taegi, running into your highschool crush ✨✨✨
sksjsdfg stop exposing me
omg of course, the twilight au, how dare i 😂 but really we can just discuss it again later lmao
i'll be honest with you and tell you i don't recall most of the plot 😂 i planned it with you in the dms and never pasted it in my notes. i only have the cinderella version with me, not the the vampire addition
i knoww 😂 i was shocked
honestly you're in for a shock. but i'm like 4k away from sending it to   so we can edit it before i post it. i really want to post it before the year ends.
this tweet is chapter 4 of your silence is my favourite sound, good to know i don't need to post it anymore
im organizing the taegi trope subversion bingo by myself, it's a lot of work so my suggestion would be to get someone else on board as well, otherwise it'll consume a lot of your time
shush im running on a rare bout of inspiration, listening to angsty emo music and sobbing as i kill off jungkook in my fic
holy shit they're so cute and badass at the same time!!! my favorite is hoseok's!!! the bike would suit him so much!! ✨✨
you're having some good thoughts
it's got some really interesting moral philosophy and it's just 25 episodes. i hope your brother is okay though?
ignoring the second half of the statement, i recently watched kaiji & parasyte maxim, they're both really good
oh god i just went through their page and ive fallen in love. and lmao i read just about anything, im above pairings now
i saw the "unreliable narrator" tag and i was instantly sold!!  thank you so much!!
taehyung has seen the gossip float around in the office, hushed whispers being passed during lunch– rippling across different departments like a stone dropped into water, he's heard the crude laughter of the alpha's friends, seen them pat his back in vulgar encouragement
omg no the alpha harassing yoongi isn't taehyung, omygod i just realized people might assume that
omygod i didn't even consider the possibility of people assuming tae to be him
no no i haven't introduced tae yet, that alpha is an asshole
get out of your imagination 😭 it's not a good place there
it's a horrible plan.
the only way out is to outrun every alpha and hide until the chase gets over.  if you don't find a mate during the chase, you're required to enter again next year. but yoongi will deal with that when the time comes, because right now this is the only plan he has.
not to mention the alpha has openly declared his intention to find yoongi during the chase. he's convinced that yoongi has been playing "hard to get" all this while, and he's determined to prove himself a worthy mate by finding yoongi before anyone else can and claim him.
he'll be blamed, he'll be questioned and doubted, that the common assumption will be that it was him who talked/behaved/acted a certain way to draw alphas' attention.
& yoongi hates how it's ingrained inside him, that because he's an omega he cant draw attention to himself or cause a scene in the office or at company dinners, that he cant be aggressive or "overreact", that if he reports the alpha to superiors then it'll only come back to him –
yoongi is terrified of entering the chase because one of his coworkers, an alpha, is entering the chase this year as well & the alpha has been harassing yoongi to go out with him for months. no matter how many times yoongi politely says no, the alpha doesn't back off
you can obviously sign up earlier as well, but if you don't sign up for the chase past the declared age, it'll be on your record and no respectable company will hire you  (trigger warning: workplace harassment)
office abo au where if you're unable to find a mate until a particular age, you're required to enter a government introduced mating chase that enables biologically attracted mates to find each other, and give birth to fertile pups.  omega yoongi is past that age
congratulations!!! ✨✨
for that to happen, it'll have to be written like–  (8÷2)(2+2)  or  8(2+2) ÷ 2
it's a happy ending!! ✨✨✨
✨✨ it's a hunger games au
a solid 12
read and find out 🙂
so is mine 😭😭😭
for those of you who don't know, my taegi fic is basically the entire sasuke redemption arc and i reached the one scene i've been planning from the very beginning
i'm dying is what i'm doing :) but it's really good so far!! thank you for writing it, i hope you have a nice day!! ✨✨
i'm crying 😭 this is so good!!
the alarm rings and they're running.  blind with panic, yoongi runs with no thought except to get far far away.
the announcement is made, five seconds before the door gives way and they're released into the wild, and with each passing second yoongi feels more meat than human.  his fingers dig into the fabric of his dress– white for virginity, for purity and chastity,  white for weak
the image burns itself to the back of his eyelids and yoongi wants to claw it out with nails and a curved beak, he wants to throw up, he wants to cry, he wants to fall to his knees and scream at anything that will listen.
there's an uneasy still in the air, thick and unforgiving, and yoongi counts down the seconds as he feels the bile slowly crawl up his throat.  he closes his eyes, he can imagine an alpha caging him against the ground, teeth against yoongi's throat to bite him till he bleeds–
on the day of the chase, yoongi stands amongst several other omegas in the waiting room.  they've been rid of any artificial scent on them & he's made to wear a plain white cotton dress that falls loose against his bony frame.
i'm going to write the whole thing don't worry! ✨✨
everytime i begin to watch run bts:  my mother, louder than the actual music: wonay money money yea money!! money!!
because even though it's not required of him, and he doesn't know yoongi that well, given that taehyung works in engineering and yoongi is part of the design team and they aren't required to interact often,  taehyung signs up for the chase as well.
or perhaps it's the months' worth of fleeting glances and heat collecting in his cheeks whenever his fingers accidently brush against yoongi's the rare times they do cross paths  or it's all of those reasons.
& perhaps it's that, or perhaps it's the sight of yoongi coming to work– eyes trained to the floor, coffee held tight in his bruising grip, shoulders hunched over in an attempt to avoid contact in the crowded elevator and feet quick with the relief of a prey when the doors open
somebody had to do it 😔
one of us has to 😔
it's the reality 😔 we all need to get out of our imagination
imagine tae pouting and whining "hyuuung" and yoongi rolling his eyes as he brings his face close enough for taehyung to squish their cheekies together and grin widely at the camera as he clicks a snap on his phone, good imagine that, because it aint happening ever
i only just noticed that 😂😂
lmao thank you!!! although hopefully you won't be slapped one fine morning before work, i hope to post it on one of the coming holidays 🎄✨✨
i'm sorry 😔 i voluntary bring myself pain just by writing both of them. this thread was in fact created just to get me out of my frenzied urgency to write your silence that was causing me a lot of anxiety. i'm so happy you re-read the fic though, thank you!! ✨✨✨
and also bc naruto & sasuke deserve to be written gay
the fic doesn't follow the plot exactly, it's mostly a nod to it, i wanted to write a taegi modelled after naruto & sasuke, with the whole sasuke (yoongi) being consumed by darkness and naruto (tae) saving him from his hatred narrative
i've cried my entire life 😭😭
thank you so much!! 😭
at least someone is 😔
it's a good ending!! just takes a while to get there!
here you go! ✨
thank you!! i really hope it doesn't disappoint!
it's a good ending!!! i swear!! just not a good middle
it's a good ending!! i promise!
now i'm listening to it too 😔
soft else 🔪🔪🔪
thank you!! 😭😭😭 this is really sweet
i didn't know i needed this but now i do 😭
omg thank you so much!!!! ✨✨✨✨ im really glad you liked it!!
taegi ✨
get them
this reminds me of that angsty alzheimer's disease taegi fic
lemme know if you want to talk :( although i'll probably cry along with you
omgg thank you!! i can't imagine anyone rereading it bc atm i hate everything about this fic 😭
thank you so much!! 😳 ive been really anxious about the next chapter but thank you, this made me feel all warm and happy!! ✨✨
soft medieval au first time
this got me so emotional i have to wake up in less than 3 hours someone slap me
cuties
=_= i have to make an animated animal character for this class and... i don't think they'll accept kookie
go to sleep
mint yoongi carried all of ao3 on his back
suffer is the right word
no that's okay! take your time! just wanted to add in there that i was really anticipating it! ✨✨
can i vote for this ? 😔
thank you!!! i hope you like it ✨✨
!!!! 😳
give me a day, im just polishing a few scenes 😳
yep!
yeah!! ✨
you will 😔 im sorry
i would assure you it isn't bad, but it is pretty bad so 😶
i hope you like it 😭
i hope you like it!! ✨
thank you 😳 i've been really anxious about the chapter for a long time, so thank you so much for your words!! ✨ i hope you have a really nice day!!
i– you're fast omg
i hope you like it 😔
i'm so nervous. i want to dissipate
chapter 4 is posted! ✨✨✨ i had to break it into two parts to be able to post it before the year ends, but it's some 30k anyway.   i'd call it a new year's gift but you'll know why i've not when you've read it.
your silence is my favourite sound definitely, it's a classic
i hope you like it!! 🌙🌕✨✨
i hope you like it!! 🌙✨🌕
i may be considering it. if i tell my mother, she's going to smack me so hard ill sleep forever
thank you! the next chapter... will take a while lmao. but don't worry, the violence is over, just some mutual confessions & plot resolution before the fic finally comes to an end ✨✨✨
you have my heartfelt apologies 😔 no one should have to go through this
thank you!! ✨✨ i'm glad you liked it!!!
i have to go to sleep but last night i had a very questionable dream of my mother and jyp flirting with chains and shackles... and im scared of ever sleeping again
thank your so much!!! 😭😭✨✨
thank you so much for reading 😭😭😭 i've been very anxious about the new direction of the fic but i'm really happy to hear that you liked it!
nope, there's no character death but just make sure to read all the tags
not so much angst but a lot of violence 😔
i hope you like it!!
thank you!! i'm so relieved that you liked it. and no, no one dies! not in my fics
thank you so much!! i'm glad you like it! but please tell me if you feel the same after this update 😭 because i'm half convinced that everyone will hate the fic now
i'll give you the taegi throne sex oneshot i promise
i love how you always ask for that but like... it never happens
i feel like i lured everyone in with promises of romance and tae calling yoongi sweet cheeks and when they were invested i unleashed this beast on them
yes!! i shoved so many naruto references you have no idea. thank you so much for reading and i'm really glad you liked it!! ✨✨✨
oh, yes, i see what you mean now. honestly i can't answer questions about the plot bc it's been so long since i came up with it, i honestly don't remember why i came up with what i did. but i'm glad you liked it!!! 🌙🌕✨✨
yoongi's ideologies are similar to sasuke's, the devotion to his clan, his misgivings and hatred, and taehyung's are similar to naruto, his warmth, tenacity and how bonds are important to him. the whole thing is just yoongi learning to let go of his hatred, and tae helping him
thank you!! that's such a sweet compliment, thank you so much, i'm glad you liked it! 🌙🌕✨✨
thank you!! i'm glad you liked it ✨✨✨
i'm sorry 😔
thank you 😭 i hope you like the update!
thank you!! it's hard to stay positive sometimes but yeah i hope i get to see them this year maybe ✨✨
are you me
i'm glad you liked it!!! ✨✨
thank you for reading!!! ✨✨🌙 i'm glad you liked it!
yes there's no more violence, but uh... can't say the same for the angst
well it's not written atm, and i'm going to take a break from the fic to focus on some irl stuff, so roughly sometime in february? idk this is really rough
thank you so much!! i'm sorry for the long wait, but i'm glad you liked it! ✨✨
i'm sorry!! 😭 but the violence ends with this chapter, from hereon it's all (mostly) good.
i'm sorry 😔
your trust in me... i'll write it, and i'll write you your kid!jk arranged marriage taegi too
unfortunately it's a popular algorithm, it's called the k nearest neighbours if you wanna look it up!
it's just a toy version, it's not a feasible idea anyway
why was i so motivated in life
the way a fanfiction recommendation engine that collects data from a lot of users about which fics they enjoyed and maps users according to whose interests are similar and recommends fics accordingly is just sitting in my laptop back from when i was programming for fun
keysmash is good!! or a simple "it was so cute/sweet/amazing!!!" is wonderful too, any kind of engagement feels good!
i wanna make a small gc where i just throw fic recs and get thrown fic recs, every pairing but just a lot of taegi ✨
😂😂😂
he's a pup they've all raised with a lot of love and affection, he even rides with them in their mystery machine van, why you doing this to him
omg thank you!! so much!! i've only read one of those, and the taegi sounds so good!! thank you!! ✨✨✨✨
the 2seok ✨✨✨ thank you my sweet child
no none!! just not anything super depressing lol, need something to get away from irl shit
yeah just stupid stuff one after another, hopefully it'll go away, but thank you!! i haven't read this!
i should make a thrilling thread of all the fics i have to write for you
see you say that and now i want it to exist right now
omg he's adorable
the way i almost got a heart attack before i noticed your user
these too!!
i've made an occupation of it
tell me you all recognized this scene, otherwise all my efforts to shove in my favorite naruto references in the fic would've gone to waste
i don't blame you tbh 😭
omg thank you!! ✨✨ i'd originally planned to read it when it was complete but fuck it i'm reading it now
if i ever see this yoongi on the street i'm gonna fuck his shit up
lots of readers say theyre not good at expressing emotions, but really just keysmash or "it was really good/nice" or even better please just tell a scene you liked. if you know how to feel insecure about your 20 words in a comment, imagine the anxiety behind the 50k you just read
leaving kudos/comments on a fic is literally the least you can do. we're not asking you for money, just some kind words, because what you read was actually months of effort we took out of our schedules to post free content, there's a lot of insecurity behind them. please be kind
people often bookmark fics with 2/3/4 to keep track of the last chapter they read i guess. they don't leave a single kudos/comment to show gratitude, just mindlessly consume content without bothering to think there's a person behind those fics
ignore me, just letting out some steam before i delete the tweet
i'm crying. finally 😭😭
it was a pet project when i was dabbling in machine learning, but it wasn't feasible anyway bc ao3 doesn't have an official api where i can request data, so i just have a toy version on my laptop
she's going to eat persona for lunch
i just wanted to write some throne sex lmao but it wasn't fitting in the narrative so :) :) :)
you're having some lovely thoughts
im sorry 🥺 but there's a happy ending! & a oneshot sequel!!
thank u & im sorry for the wait 😭 but i hope it'll all be worth it
thank you 😭😭
thank you !! 😭
thank you!!
i woke up to this!! thank you so much!!! ✨✨ im glad so many of you enjoyed the fic
link please 😔
some hybrid of ravenclaw & slytherin? the ravenclaw was expected, slytherin... not so much
oh my
i was naive 😔 sleep is for the weak
i think ive caught up now, if ive processed anything is another story
i have no plans what are plans
i just woke up wtf happened
what would you be most interested in reading from me? all but the horror are taegi, the throne sex is in the same universe as your silence, and the modern arranged marriage is baby fruit bat! kook trying to get his awkward vampire parents to kiss
thank you!!! ✨✨✨✨ i'm really glad you liked it!!
wow, surprised but then not really :|
wait i had no idea this is why they deleted
i told you 😂😂
taegi 🥺
look at this!
ive never been so embarassed in my life
omg my alarm just went off rn during my lecture and fun boys started blaring undefined this is so mortifying
tt tt please slap some sense into me i keep getting excited and post incomplete stories otl
cuteeee
u mean how completely useless and sadistic of him? i dont want him screaming abt my fics to every living thing
oh dont worry he helps me write taegi fics now (aka talking abt various sex positions i could write during family dinners)
i pushed a boy down the stairs when i was 7
my brother caught me writing his fanfiction....
oh god i had that too *shivers*
i just realised that ive never actually said taegi out loud and im confounded
nooo this is too cute, thank you!!! this is more than enough 😭 thank you so much!!
i... is the sleepover option available till august lmao
i just want some princess diaries taegi, let me live
excuse me indeed 🙂
this was the only moment for me, everything in my life is just pre and post-this peak jinmin otp:true established relationship birthday foreplay au
yoongi is unwillingly dragged into the life of a prince, given a makeover and two annoying bodyguards seokjin & jungkook who have very questionable ideas of what "protection" is, and suddenly everyone in the school begins to notice him. but tae– tae has always noticed him :(
fuck it, 1990s art school taegi au where tae, the most sought after sophomore on campus, has a crush on the senior min yoongi, who was just an ordinary architecture major till one day men in suits stuff him inside a fancy car and tell him he's the illegitimate heir to a kingdom.
basically a princess diaries au
are there any makeover fics in the fandom? that seems to be my vibe for the day
they're all in the works, im just curious which one appeals to you the most
🙂
taegi revenge au, where yoongi, when 15, was married off to a merchant four times his age only to be cast aside after three miscarriages  he didnt expect to fall in love with his husband's 2nd conquest, a young rebellious omega taehyung, who convinces him to kill the man & escape
hope you feel better soon!!
don't ever google your symptoms :|
have you read this? it's really cute
thank you so much!! ✨ and lmao no to the publishing, but i'm glad you liked it!!
mya, she/they, may 11 :)
im gonna uninstall this app for some time to focus on my mental health and real life troubles, in case i don't interact with you for a few days, i hope you all have a nice day and please take care of yourselves
im crying
fucking weird
indeed, i feel even weirder bc i just whispered it to myself
thank you!! ☺️
if i could write every idea that came to me 😔 but no, not writing this yet
not that far yet, i have to watch the whole thing first
im watching fullmetal alchemist and simultaneously planning a fic on alchemy and politics
me watching any anime: so... how do i put taegi in here?
jk gets riled up like "hyung you aren't actually dating". tae hums non-committally from where he's perched on yoongi's lap & jk gets mad bc they wont admit it. taegi on the other hand are just thoroughly amused
definitely the second. they're dating but noone believes them so they go so over the top that it looks artificial
taegi pretending to fake date to hide the fact that they're really dating, bc that's just the shit they'd do
thank you!! and no i don't think i'll write this, at least not now, i'm already buried up to my throat in wips 😔
omg please send it to me
ohh yes the time traveler one!
i'm already crying
and bc i needed the winter sonata ost in the background
they say souls remember past lives even if our minds don't, except taehyung does. he remembers. and he chases yoongi across 23 lifetimes just to have him for one.
thank you !! 🌼
glad to see my mortification is bringing you guys amusement 😔
nothing 😔 i wrote down the url of my website on a piece of paper and gave it to him
im glad you could find my mortification flattering 😭 but it's really so good, honestly i have no regrets
omg that's such a good idea too! and thank you!!
than you!! and yess read it it's really good!
mf i'll come to your house and i'll nap with you
that's the best compliment omg 😭 thank u
so pretty!! 🌼
i'm already crying, come join me 😔
what are you saying, i see nothing wrong 🙂
you say that like it's a bad thing 😂
nooo i like your fics!!
😺✏ — who is this??? i need you to fess up before i implode ;_;
😺✏ — i've never met another intj here!! hello!
i do too 😭 but i love planning aus more than actually writing them. hopefully this will get to the point of being written
😺✏ — i filled 13 pages of my journal with a medieval court politics / alchemy / arranged marriage taegi au today alone! but im positive i wont end up writing it so it's kinda :(
😺✏ — thank you!! but chapter 5 isn't going to be posted soon d: it's still in (extremely slow) progress
the third postulate of the taegi neurocognition law states that every thought that is a non-taegi thought is an irrelevant thought
professor: so the neanderthals and the sapiens may have been able to produce a fertile offspring but they might not have felt attraction towards each—  me: ok so a taegi au, where tae is a n—  professor [slamming a fist against the table]: one lecture, one fucking lecture
guy: u have twt or something? me the dumbass: ...no both of us look at my phone me: yeah him: yeah me: i'll give u my website
a taegi au....mayhaps?
i was suddenly hit by the one embarrassing thing i did in 2017 when i got drunk and made the server sit down next to me and spoon-fed her my food whyyyy im screaming
your characters' motivations and actions and dialogue are highly realistic, even the romance, it's not whimsical/perfect like how fanfiction usually has it. it doesn't follow one smooth arc, it's jarring, goes back & forth and makes you think that's how people irl have it.
we're not really in a position to wait 😔 so im going ahead anyway
have you read this? it's what im going to read tonight
if you win it, i'll just have to work on my wips 😔 i've not looked at them in ages
i wanted to do this earlier but here it is anyway!!  to enter: ★ must be 18+ ★ must be following me ★ like & rt this tweet!  ends on 15th feb!
gimme a sec
thank you!!!!
omg this is great, i love the characters board and i'm going to dig deep into it. for the balls & galas i was thinking more feminine and extravagant, but the fighting gear would be a little more form fitting. but omg i love it, thank you!!! i'm gonna dive into your links
if anyone is interested to know more
hello frens, im planning the plot of a taegi court politics / alchemy / arranged marriage fic, and im looking for inspiration for yoongi's clothes for his débutante ball. please reply with pics of what you'd like to see yoongi wear (his house color is white/gray)
im sure it'll be amazing as always!! ✨✨
thank you 🥺 but i don't think she or the guy i was on a date with found it as cute lol
i actually might! i tweeted it for the simple reason that i wanted to convert my embarrassment into something fun so i might actually write it!!
she ate half of my food :)
it's cute!
i fed her half the food on my plate
my life is a whole ao3
i literally held the spoon in front of her face and went "aaaaaah"
im floating in the nice happy place where im still only planning the plot, the fic is far from being written, that bit is absolute hell 😔 i hope it can get there
there's a lot of outfits to be decided! outfits for multiple balls and galas, fighting gear, wedding dresses, other fancy stuff to wear to theater, operas, fancy dinners. you can send whatever you like! im open to all ideas right now
it is inspired by fullmetal alchemist!!
omg thank you!! & i love your fics so 🥺
thank you 🥺
the map!!
i'm loving it thank you
thank you!!! this is so sweet 🥺
im gonna check this out & please u can make a folder or you can throw them at me in my dms. they're all so good!!
omg this is so good!!! im shaking
i really should opt for a career change 😔
thank u !!!
azgaar's generator, it's a really amazing tool to create complex fantasy worlds
i received a cc but it wouldn't let me type this essay there
i think about it once a month at least
this is my favorite bts au till date ;_;
thank you!!! this is so good!!
yess please 😭 i saw the black one when i was crawling around pinterest for research!!
holy shit i was just thinking that i wanted yoongi (left) & tae (right) in these
yeah 2 people lol
i love it holy shit
it means you're the dinner
you can be the visual who speaks sketchy english words occasionally
details details
lets form a kpop group
pshhh shut up ur my biass
u write the prettiest taegi fics <3 consider this as my gratitude
ill gift it to youu~~~
wow? thank youu!! i have so many assignments to finish but screw everything im going to write this all nightt~~~
asdfghjkllllllll i really shouldnt be attempting to write angst with teletubbies playing on tv
another new wip with idol tae and cannibal yoongi and im sure this wont see the light of the day (nothing new there) but im still so excited
you are hazardous to my health
ok i might just even write his stop giving me ideasss
im crying already. this is all i need
lol thats me
words of wisdom
o m g
dont
why fun boys out of everything
the squirrel is me and that pole is my career
😺✏ — no but you can look forward to a oneshot porn sequel instead! it'll be posted sometime this week!
they're all so pretty! thank you so much!!
i just did and im fucking speechless!!!! i love them!!
it's far from being posted but you'll find it on my ao3 eventually!
i live to serve the taegi arranged marriage tag, u won't believe i have a third one in my drafts too
thank you!! 🥺
what a special little muffin :c
context: oneshot porn sequel of your silence where taehyung and yoongi have throne sex. believe me id love to skip the sex but there won't be anything left to write lol
honestly i just stared at the picture thinking about how kook said you could fit a coin in hobi's nose
omggg please please please read a gentle sound i beg you, you won't regret it, it's so so good!
20 taegi/vhope!!
you're cute 😂
lmao
lmao, that's true, they're so considerate
this is absolutely adorable!!!!
thank you!!! this made me giggle, i hope you have a nice day today!!
of course, you never fail to deliver
i can confirm this
:)
there's one day left before i select the winner!!
thank you so much!!! ✨✨✨
i saw the tweet earlier and thought of my au too lmao
in conclusion, i believe we should pivot and advocate taegi stans to post their selcas instead
what would taegi stans even do if taegi actually posted a selca? how would you make jokes & what would you even tweet about. your entire personality will be gone just like that
hope you like it!
hi this now has a porn sequel
if (taegi_unit === "friend") {     console.log("[rest]"); }
shut upp
!!!!
read this tweet while i was adding nipple play to the tags
😺✏ — even though the setting is modelled after the london season balls, i am unsure if i wish for them to wear english…
★ the winner ★  congrats   !!! you won the giveaway! please dm me to claim! ( ⓛ ω ⓛ *)
i'm writing, but all i'm doing is going through 10 words in the duration of 17 songs
😺✏ — lolol i loved the "50k words and 99% angst" i see that that's my trademark. i love it! and yess i too find his ti…
tell me if you enjoy it!
believe it or not, my favorite scene of this fic is yet to come. it was literally the first scene i'd planned and i can't believe it's been almost a year and i haven't reached it yet.
yess that's the reason he insisted on coming with tae after yoongi's (jimin's) betrayal!! namjoon absolutely wooes jungkook, and they interact a lot while the peace treaty bw the two kingdoms is revised  i hope you liked it though!!!
hopefully you'll like it!!
there's no angst in this one, i promise!
i hope you like it!
take it as an unofficial ending till the official ending comes out?
i hope you enjoy it!!
nope not yet
i dropped it because chapter 5 isn't going to bless you anytime soon. take it as an unofficial ending for now????
this is just the smut sequel set a year into the future
omg no you should read chapter 4 first, it'll make more sense then
i wanted it to be a surprise
let's see 😂
1. "i love you" text 2. yoongi's birthday live: "say it back" 3. the two piggybacks 4. hand-holding 5. "come hit me at 11 mf"
ahhh no thank you!! your english is perfect! and thank you for the sweet compliment! i haven't been feeling good about the fic but this really helped!! i hope you have a really nice day!
thank you!! and you're welcome! i'm glad you liked it?
i hope you like it!! 😭
oh it's taegi?? and horror?? oh today is a good day
please share
he's adorable!!!!
thank you!!!!
i hope you like it!!!!
thank you!!
same, but sleep so you're not tired but the time it does stop and you're able to enjoy it properly!!
thank you t ^ t
stop or i'll cry
!?!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
i'm sobbing
thank you!!! ⁄(⁄ ⁄•⁄-⁄•⁄ ⁄)⁄
it happened quiet –   breathless –   a gentle sound –   the perfect season –   white chalk –   train to busan –
6 taegi fics to get to know me:  1. it happened quiet 2. breathless 3. a gentle sound 4. the perfect season 5. white chalk 6. train to busan
no, chapter 5 is the last one.
it definitely brings some perspective. but doesn't really help with the problem.
genuine question, would anyone be interested if i opened fic commissions? it would help me a lot
thank you so much!!
they were like, out of the brimming benevolence of our hearts, we'll not give you the subunit either
that was my reaction too 😔
it seriously has my hips swinging under my blanket lmao
me, every 5 minutes: i think it's time to hear filter, no? i haven't heard in some time
look here!
park jimin sir, please stop, we live in a society
fuuuuuck
thank you!!!! :_:
yoongi crouches before him and cups jungkook's face between his palms.  "kook-ah, baby, tell us what happened?" he murmurs.
taehyung spots the two puncture marks and the indentation of teeth on the kid's bicep, and his head immediately snaps in jungkook’s direction.   jungkook seems to shrink into himself when he feels their gaze on him, or rather the dried blood on his chin.
there's also another kid who's sat with a woman taehyung presumes to be his mother on the bench pushed against the wall to their right. he's clutching onto his arm, and oh—
taehyung knows the school would have called him for a reason, but he just knows that whatever this is, it isn’t jungkook’s fault.  he hopes they have the wrong child, but his heart sinks right as he enters the room and spots jungkook seated on a stool before the principal's desk.
jungkook has never gotten into physical fights, he’s a fairly gentle child, very shy around strangers and mildly excitable about ice cream and cartoons. even his tantrums only extend as far as sniffling and sulking.
yoongi arrives almost right after taehyung does. he sees his confusion reflected in yoongi’s features.  there’s no precedent for this.
yoongi: i'll be down there in forty minutes  taehyung: you dont have to. i am pretty sure it's a misunderstanding  yoongi: i'll be there
he texts yoongi the news when he's seated in the cab, one hand flying across the keypad and the other making sure he's got his wallet and keys with him.  yoongi's reply comes instantly.
he's imagining every kind of scenario, alarmed and bewildered because jungkook has never intentionally hurt anyone. he cried when he accidentally stepped on a worm, and arranged a burial for it in the park. his jungkook could never hurt a thing.
absently, he registers mumbling an affirmation in response before he cuts the call and rushes to change out of his work clothes in a daze.   he pulls on a pair of black pants and a button up shirt, pats his hair into something presentable before rushing out of the apartment.
"yes, mr. kim," comes a slightly irritated voice from the other end. "your son, jungkook, hurt one of his classmates during lunch break. we request you to kindly come down to the school within an hour so we can get it sorted amongst the parents and students involved."
he clears his painting tools and unbuttons his shirt, phone tucked between an ear and shoulder, as he briskly walks out of his studio and into his bedroom.
"are you sure you've got the right kid?" taehyung confirms, eyes wide and panic wringing his gut tight. "kim jungkook?"
yes please throw them back to wattpad, the boy has never raised his voice
😺✏ — it is from a lyric in a billie eilish song that goes like — "you should see me in a crown, your silence is my favourite…
"excuse me, miss." the mother interrupts. "but can we please get to the issue at hand. my son was bleeding because this–"   she directs a distasteful look in jungkook’s direction, pointing her finger at him like he's vermin, "child bit him."
i had to delete some tweets towards the end of the thread because a few characters (i'd used italics) weren't loading on all systems. sorry for the confusion, i'm reposting them 😔
oh wait i had used italics but i guess they aren't loading, lemme delete and repost 😔
"i'm certain you're surprised." she speaks and folds her hands on the table. "jungkook is a bright student, he's never been displayed violent behavior before–"
taehyung sits on the chair offered. yoongi remains crouched before jungkook who's refused to say a word since they arrived.  the principal eyes yoongi for a moment but when he doesn't budge, she sighs and faces taehyung and begins.
they're interrupted when the principal enters the office. she pauses when she catches sight of the two of them before nodding in acknowledgement.  "mr. and mr. kim" she greets as she seats herself behind her desk. "please take a seat."
this was born bc of  's taegi daycare au, bully her to write it, it's the cutest thing alive
the dread in the pit of his stomach churns thicker and taehyung feels as it begins to crawl up to his throat. whatever this is, it’s not going to be good.
"isn't it obvious what happened?" she sneers, and taehyung thinks he recognises her from the crowd of parents who always scoff at the sight of him in the bi-monthly parent teacher meets.
there's a loud snort and taehyung turns to look at the mother who doesn't bother hiding her disdain when she meets his gaze.
"that's why i bit him. i am sorry." the tears finally fall. and taehyung is moving before he can think.  his knees hit the floor before jungkook and he immediately wipes at the wet cheeks with his thumbs.
no one speaks, and jungkook sniffles.  "he said no one wants to be my friend because my parents are freaks, and so am i."  taehyung's heart that was only squeezed tight so far, is completely crushed into splinters now.
"that's what jaebum said too." jungkook whispers into the stifling quiet and taehyung whips his head to look at jungkook who is chewing on his lower lip, a nervous habit he picked up from taehyung, tears threatening to drip down his lashes.
and taehyung feels the tension slowly seep out of his shoulders as the ominous chill gradually unfurls and crawls back and retreats into yoongi’s shadow.  there's a strained silence, only broken a moment later by a soft voice.
for a moment, he thinks that yoongi will resist. but after a long tense pause, yoongi takes a step back and presses himself against taehyung’s side.
she cowers in her seat and taehyung tastes something bitter stick to the roof of his mouth.  he grabs yoongi's hand in his own, digs his nails into yoongi’s palm as a reminder that their first and foremost priority is jungkook, and forcefully wrenches him back.
it settles thick and foreboding in the room, thin black tendrils climbing up their ankles and the length of their spines like a dark carnal promise, and the woman immediately flinches and sits straighter in her seat, eyes wide with fright.
in the same instant, yoongi is on his feet. and taehyung doesn't need to see his husband's eyes to know that they're a dark crimson red.  he feels the ancient bloodlust that yoongi usually keeps under careful wraps flare out unrestrained and thirsty.
a lot of things happen at once.  "language, mrs. lee." the principal shouts, slamming her palm down on her desk.
taehyung watches her scoff and he feels his fury flare.  "i can see where the kid got his state of mind from." the woman’s lip curls with disgust. "you're right. i have a problem with you, i don't feel safe with my son having to interact with a freak family like yours—"
"and what i am hearing is that you've pushed for jungkook to be removed from the school before this incident too, so it seems to me that your problem isn't this incident at all. you sound like you have a problem with us, am i right?"
taehyung is up on his feet before she can finish the statement, the force of it sending his chair scraping against the floor.  "i will not sit here listening to speak about my son like that." he looms over her, eyes flashing.
lemme dream that im a 10
i hope you can read it now!
"is there a need for this?" the mother asks irritably.   "ma'am, this is not normal behavior. like i've mentioned to you on countless occasions before, please ask them to pull their son out of this school. my son was bleeding because their kid bit him like some crazed animal—"
"jungkook, why did you hurt your classmate?" yoongi coaxes him to talk, rubbing circles onto his back, but jungkook resolutely stares at his shoes and doesn't speak.
"we haven't been able to get jungkook to speak with us." the principal tells taehyung. "other children in the class witnessed the incident and from what we've gathered, jungkook was the one to resort to violence first."
the principal pinches the bridge of her nose before she turns back to taehyung who's got his nails digging into his palms to keep himself from smacking the woman's face.
this is the truest thing ive read this week
...who is this and what is this treachery. i just got my 4th redo and im ready to burn the world
what i say: ooh nice shirt what i mean: i am in that fandom
@ 4:51: *whispers maniacally* shouldn't mess up sleeping cycle...shouldn't mess up sleeping cycle..*hands shivering*
sxascdscfs what should i doooooo i dont wanna write but i wanna write
this is a curse
wtf id sworn off writing fanfics but idk i just opened a doc and spat a whole 1k of complete ot7 trash bc my feels cant be contained anymore
i wanna kill smepne
whoever managed to get thru this in one piece u have my respect
he had felt it earlier, when yoongi released his bloodlust– it was stronger and more intense than usual. he could feel yoongi’s struggle to reign it back in, and even now there’s a faint red that hasn’t disappeared from his eyes.
“nope, i’m driving.” he snatches the keys out of yoongi’s hand. “here, hold jungkook.”  “i can drive.” yoongi says but takes jungkook from his arms anyway.  “you are about near collapsing on the ground yourself.” taehyung cuts down any argument.
they bid her goodbye soon after and jungkook’s sniffles quieten by the time they reach the car.  yoongi is reaching out to open the door to the driver’s seat when taehyung stops him by grabbing his wrist.
she tilts her head in an apologetic bow, “i will look into the matter and make sure there is never a repeat of it in the future.”  taehyung hauls jungkook up in his arms, running his fingers through his cherry red hair as yoongi quietly converses with the principal.
the principal turns to look at them. “i apologise for all of that. i meant what i said before, i do believe that jungkook is one of my brightest students, and i really do apologize for how terrible all of this must have been for him.”
the woman catches yoongi’s gaze before she leaves, and taehyung watches her try to contain the involuntary flinch before she turns on her heels, haughty as she walks out of the room with purpose, dragging her son behind her.
the woman scoffs, indignant as she rises from her seat.  “i doubt you will hear from me at all.” she grabs hold of the boy’s hand, pulling him to stand from the seat. “i will transfer my son to a school that doesn’t fill the kids’ brains with this nonsense.”
the woman parts her lip to retaliate but the principal interrupts her before she can.  “and i will not tolerate such remarks again, not from your son and definitely not from you.”
the principal's gaze sharpens, "has undoubtedly heard being spoken at his home. mrs lee, i'd suggest that you first look into your son's upbringing before you approach me about how we run this school. we have a strict policy against bullying and discrimination."
the principal sighs before she cuts her eyes to the woman who has her lips pressed into a thin line. she's making a point to avoid looking at yoongi.  "i think we can all now conclude that your son was essentially provoking his classmate into violence by making comments that he–"
"i only said what was true." the kid mumbles, whiny like he doesn’t know why he’s being blamed here, and taehyung grits his teeth. "it's true, no one wants to be friends with him. i just said the truth."
"is this true, jaebum?" she asks. "did you say that to jungkook?"  taehyung watches the boy who looks a little uncomfortable now that everyone’s attention is on him.
taehyung shushes him and pulls him into his arms, purposely looking at the principal who seems a little ashamed at the scene unfolding in the room.  however, she immediately straightens and coughs before turning to look at the boy, jaebum, who has remained silent the entire time.
"kook-ah, baby, look at me. i'm not mad, nor is daddy."   jungkook looks up from underneath his wet lashes, his nose red and his lip trembling.  "i'm sorry, appa, i know you said hurting people is bad. i didn't mean to!" he wails.
lmaao enjoy!!
lmaao dw this is the only scene, it only gets fluffier now
taehyung lifts himself off the couch to clear the crayons and the coloring book jungkook had been dutifully filling.  “i did say that.” taehyung can hear the smile in yoongi’s voice. he glances back to see yoongi leaning forward to peck his nose and jungkook giggling.
“what is it, kiddo?” he smiles, lowering himself onto the couch once again and bending down to pick jungkook up and place him on his lap.  “daddy, you said kisses can make you feel better.” jungkook says.
“daddy” jungkook calls out, and taehyung watches how yoongi’s face melts.   he’s learnt over the years that yoongi is not overly expressive with his emotions, but it’s absolutely precious to see him come undone just by the littlest of things jungkook does.
“i can hear you thinking all the way here.” he says and leans forward to pick himself off the couch. "i'll go change, then we can get started on dinner."  but jungkook’s fingers wrap around his index finger, stopping him mid-motion.
it’s yoongi, too. they don't deserve this, they deserve better than this, they deserve better—  his thoughts are interrupted by the loud sound of yoongi’s laptop clicking shut. he turns and meets yoongi’s raised brows that tell him that his anxious thoughts hadn’t gone unnoticed.
it’s on days like this, taehyung wonders if he even made the right choice. was he being selfish, did he really think he could bend the world to his will, was it the right decision to drag jungkook into a life like this? and it’s not just jungkook, is it?
on days like this, when it's not him bearing the brunt of the world's bigotry, when it's jungkook, it’s easy to succumb and agree with the voice inside his head that tells him that it is his fault, that jungkook wouldn’t have to go through this if he weren’t his son.
and on some level of thought, taehyung understands that it isn’t his fault, but it’s hard to think like that on days like this.
taehyung isn't naive. he is used to this kind of behavior. this isn't even the worst of it. this is one of the more fortunate incidents. they’re lucky to even find a school that would choose to side with them in an argument like that.
but he can't get the woman’s words to leave his mind. they lodge their roots into the crevices of his mind, digging their teeth into it like a dog with a vengeance.
yoongi is immersed in his work on the other end of the couch, his laptop perched on his lap and his fingers flying across the keyboard as he replies to emails.  and like this, taehyung lets himself pretend that they’re a normal family.
he doesn’t know much about the recent idol groups but jungkook never misses a show. he knows the dances and lyrics to every song with an accuracy that scares taehyung.
they get back home and taehyung busies himself with the piece he’d left in a hurry to get to jungkook’s school. when he's finished, taehyung joins jungkook on the couch where he is watching an idol group dance on music bank with stars in his eyes.
if only it ended there.
“fine, but only one scoop, otherwise you’ll get a tummy ache.” taehyung tries to sound stern but it’s drowned under jungkook’s squealing.  “strawberry! strawberry!” jungkook chants all the way to the ice cream parlor. taehyung can’t even be mad at him after the day they’ve had.
“please?” jungkook pouts, and oh god that is jimin’s work. taehyung hates his friends.   "please, please, i’ll clean up my toys too!” jungkook promises, looking at taehyung with those big rabbit like eyes of his like taehyung can ever say no to him when he’s adorable like that.
taehyung could’ve gotten through his whole life without introducing kook to the concept of strawberries (“in ice!” jungkook had squealed when he returned home after his outing with uncle namjoon and uncle hoseok, one of whom looked sheepish and the other grinned shamelessly.)
“appa, can we get shaved ice?” jungkook’s hesitant voice comes out small, and really hoseok is a terrible influence.
yoongi’s head falls back against the passenger seat once they're inside the car, and jungkook in his arms begins to wiggle till yoongi loosens his grip and jungkook twists and crawls out of his lap to his booster seat.
taehyung doesn't need to confirm with the schedule he's jotted into his phone that yoongi probably hasn't fed in two months if not more. he would corner yoongi later today and force his wrist under his nose. because, knowing yoongi, he's definitely worse than he's letting on.
this isn’t a request spurred at the moment, taehyung realises with a growing horror, this has been brewing for a long time.
yoongi’s eyes briefly flicker to his own, but taehyung doesn’t know how to salvage this situation. his feet are frozen, dread growing roots into the floor and rendering him motionless.  “daddy, please kiss appa.” jungkook’s voice is growing wet.
he looks back at yoongi with pleading eyes, little fingers tugging at the sleeve of his shirt with something close to desperation.  “daddy, why don’t you kiss appa?” he asks, and taehyung can tell he’s going to be stubborn about this.
“jungkook-ah, daddy is tired from work. let him go change, why don’t the two of us prepare dinner, hm?” taehyung forces a smile, ignoring yoongi altogether.  but jungkook isn’t so easily convinced.
the room plunges into stunned silence.   taehyung meets yoongi’s wide eyes but looks away when he catches jungkook’s smile slipping as he slowly realises that his parents don't look as thrilled at the idea.
it'll come later in the story (or not, i haven't decided yet) but it's not an arranged marriage though, it's born out of necessity because of the testy human-vampire relations.
thank you!! ✨
oh my god, i'm glad my writing could make you feel better and i hope you get better soon!!! don't worry, this time may feel hard now but it too will pass! 💜💜💜
thank you!! i'm glad you enjoyed it! i have a lot of it written so i'll try to update it regularly. have a nice day, love
and that's all for the night!! i'll continue from here tomorrow! good night!! ✨
he smiles when jungkook twists around to look at him, but his entire body freezes the moment jungkook’s next words tumble out of his mouth in excitement.  “daddy, appa is sad so kiss him too!”
i'm in a mood, reply and i'll send you a fic rec that i think matches the vibe of your profile
ooooh slytherin yoongs & ravenclaw tae!!! im blessed
👀
😺✏ — i'm open to all pairings, be it ot7, and i'm definitely open to all kinds of relationship dynamics- platonic, romantic or sexual.   except maybe ot7 in a sexual d…
i'm sorry 😔
😺✏ — these are the tentative rates and may change because i'm not very familiar with the us currency, but to give you a rough idea:  1000 word…
😺✏ — i will be opening them soon. i'm having some trouble setting up the payment gateway but once i've fixed that, i'll take commissions!
he doesn’t expect to see yoongi lift himself off the couch. his face is carefully crafted into blankness, not betraying his emotions when he comes to kneel before taehyung on the carpet.  yoongi leans in and presses his lips to taehyung’s cheek. taehyung doesn’t breathe.
he protec but he also attac
how long, taehyung thinks as his heart beats loud in his chest, how long has jungkook been thinking about this, how long has he been noticing his parents’ carefully constructed avoidance of each other.   taehyung can’t help but look up at yoongi helplessly.
“uncle seokjin kisses jimin too! appa, please kiss daddy. you love him, so kiss him!” jungkook insists.
“mr. choi says you kiss someone you love.” jungkook’s voice becomes more frantic, words that seem to have been bottled inside for too long finally breaking free.  jungkook pushes himself off yoongi’s lap before he runs to taehyung and grabs and pulls at his hand instead.
yepp!
your acct screams this fic
try again in a few days and i'll share the outline of the plot with you
that's all for today, frens, i'll post more tomorrow!
and yoongi doesn’t waste time in cupping his cheek and leaning forward to press their lips together.
taehyung bites his lip and nods.
“and you know that we love you a lot, don’t you?"  jungkook sniffles then nods.  taehyung doesn’t realise he's crying too until he feels yoongi’s thumb come to wipe his cheek as well. taehyung looks up at yoongi, and there’s a question in his eye.
yoongi runs a palm down his back in a soothing motion till jungkook's body stops shaking and his cries soften into little hiccups.  “baby” yoongi pulls back and wipes the tears off jungkook's face. “your appa and i love each other, just as much as we love you." he says.
“everyone– in my class– they tell me boys can only like girls. and they say i’m weird, they say– they say that you and appa don’t– don’t love each other, because you’re– you’re” he's sobbing uncontrollably that yoongi has to pick him up in his arms to calm him down.
“no!” jungkook cries. “not there!” tears threaten to drip down his lashes.  “jungkook–” yoongi starts but he’s cut off.  “uncle seokjin always kisses jimin on the lips.” jungkook sobs, and a tear finally makes its way down his cheek.
“happy, baby?” yoongi pulls back and looks down at jungkook, avoiding taehyung’s wide eyes.  taehyung, too, casts his gaze down to jungkook and he’s alarmed to find that the distress hasn’t gone.
your icon gave me established relationship vibes so i was originally going to give you this   but your banner was ot7 and i was thinking of a fic that has both canon complaint ot7 and established relationship so idk that one was the first to come to mind
my head hurts, i have yet to update the kid koo au before i sleep :<
i'll answer everybody else tomorrow!!
lolol
:d they'll do a lot more soon enough
he's their own kid
he hadn't completely understood till he was seated on the couch in yoongi's fancy apartment, a bag stuffed with a week's worth of clothes on his lap, and he received a panicked call from jimin.
taehyung just barely finished college that only became more difficult when people inadvertently found out that he wasn't "really" a man, and it worsened when yoongi woke him up in the middle of the night, frantic and insistent that taehyung vacate his dorm room immediately.
things have never been easy.
things have hardly been easy for them. ever since the drunk one night stand, followed by yoongi's sheepish admission and taehyung's disbelief that lasted for ten whole minutes till yoongi rolled his eyes and revealed his fangs, to the telltale signs of pregnancy.
he's never seen jungkook so distressed and taehyung feels stupid to have believed that he and yoongi could continue the way they've been pretending for the past four years. this is an obvious siren, if nothing else, that they're fucking up.
taehyung swallows down the urge to look at yoongi for answers neither of them hold, and escapes to the bathroom instead.
on most days, they can go to sleep without the ever present reminder of the string tying him to one another. but tonight the echo of jungkook’s pleas rings loud in their room, and the string binds them together in a helpless standstill.
and when the two of them finally retire to their bedroom after dinner, the air between them has settled heavy and suffocating, and taehyung breathes in the awareness of the discomfort.
they finish dinner in relative silence. jungkook chatters away excitedly as usual and doesn't seem to be aware of the thin strained thread between taehyung and yoongi, how it stretches taut and just about threatens to snap.
“and we love you too.” taehyung smiles, fond, as he cards his fingers through the hair of his sweet sweet child.
“appa and i love each other, okay?” yoongi murmurs and laughs when jungkook launches himself between the two of them.  “i love you too.” he squeaks, muffled from where his face is pressed into taehyung’s shirt.
it is a chaste kiss, just the brief press of their mouths. taehyung’s eyes flutter shut but yoongi is pulling away just as soon as he came.  they part and avoid each other’s gaze to look at jungkook instead who is watching the two of them with wide eyes.
check this one out as well
lmao im glad you liked it
why does yoongi look so pretty these days i want to nom him
“you need to feed.” taehyung cuts straight to the point, and yoongi presses his lips in a straight stubborn line.  they have this argument almost every third month. so when yoongi parts his lips to disagree, taehyung simply leans over him and holds his wrist under yoongi’s nose.
taehyung lifts himself on an elbow and lies on his side, stares at him very obviously till yoongi takes the hint and twists around to meet his gaze, an eyebrow raised in silent question.
he dries his hair and changes into a pair of sweatpants, reaches out for a shirt but changes his mind and crawls under the blankets shirtless.  if yoongi notices his hesitation, he doesn't show it.
taehyung hesitates at first, chews on his lip as he stands on the threshold dividing the bathroom from the bedroom, before he steels himself and straightens his shoulders because there's really no way around it.
yoongi’s in bed reading something on his tabloid when taehyung emerges from the shower, his reading glasses perched on the bridge of his nose.  and this too— this too is an obligation.
that they later moved to seoul as some sort of a compromise, married in court out of a shared necessity to care for jungkook, that their arrangement is more like playing house.  that it's more obligation for jungkook's sake before it can be anything else.
he understands that yoongi fought for him, that yoongi had fought for jungkook and helped them both flee to taehyung's grandparents' farm in daegu where his family wouldn't find them.
and he understands that yoongi's family is a powerful vampire coven with a vengeance for taehyung, and yoongi too ever since he disobeyed their law and refused to let them kill jungkook.
but jungkook, as it later turned out, wasn't a vampire. he is a fruit bat, half human and half vamp, a little different (a little "special" taehyung tells him) but completely harmless.   but yoongi's family wouldn't hear a word of it.
that vampire and human breeding was forbidden, that it was pretty much unheard of because humans couldn't conceive vampire children.
my favorite thing in this au is koo calling jimin jimin
a breathless jimin had revealed that taehyung's entire room had been slashed and ripped apart like an animal had been searching for a bloody bone.  he hadn't completely understood till yoongi revealed that his coven hadn't taken the news of taehyung's pregnancy well.
some ppl just want to watch the world burn
its too late for this shit
taegi fic recs masterlist
u know that feeling where u pull out the longest 100k slow burn and u just know ur nights gonna be a wreck but u just....do it
ok no taegi is precious taegi is life taegi are these cute furry babies but why do i always ship smol boats
ok but yoonbaek is so cutee like am i the only one?
im crying
okay but w t f
shoujo stands for cringy
my hobbies include showing kpop to every being with functional eyes and then wanting to throw them in a shredder
yeah im gonna watch the 1st ep rn. its gonna be so cringy i just know it
nvm i just saw the watermark cant believe i havent seen ouran high school club till now
o mg ur adorable. what anime is this tho i wanna watch a disgusting shoujo rn
oh since we were on the topic anyway   is this corny? bleh who cares? anyway im happy to have met u :)))))))))
yes everything's nice and all but have you seen taegi?
i know sdfgjkl
kick her
"i'm serious." yoongi murmurs, softer, closer. taehyung can feel his exhales against his skin, it makes him shiver in an eerie mix of fright and anticipation. "i'll stop, the moment you want me to stop, i will."
yoongi looms over him, and there’s a part of taehyung that is still terrified even though they’ve done this several times before, a part of him that makes his chest tremble and his fingers curl into the sheets.
taehyung nods, and he squeezes his eyes shut when yoongi gently grabs him by his wrists flips them around so taehyung is the one pinned to the bed.
taehyung can see the conflict rage battle in his eyes. but ultimately the fangs elongate, his thirst outliving his caution.  “push me off the moment you want me to stop.” yoongi says, stern, like he does every time. “kick me, do anything.”
“you nearly collapsed last time.” he hisses. his body is stiff, locked rigid with restraint.  “and i’ve learnt." taehyung assures him. "i’m eating well, okay? i’ll be fine."
“you’re helping no one like this." taehyung says, then softens his voice. "jungkook needs you, stop killing your body and just drink. i’ll be fine.”  yoongi narrows his eyes and tilts his head up to meet taehyung's gaze, sharp and cutting and predatory.
“just drink.” taehyung pushes himself up till he's hovering over yoongi. he pulls the tabloid from yoongi's fingers and places it on the nightstand. "you’re going to keel over any second.”  “i’m fine. i just need sleep.” yoongi hisses through gritted teeth, eyes dark crimson.
he watches the way yoongi’s eyes bloom red almost instantly. his nose flares as the scent of taehyung’s blood infiltrates it.  yet yoongi stubbornly clenches his teeth shut.
i'm glad you like it!! thank you!
lolol he's just a cutie
i forgot to remove yoongi's glasses!!!! im horrible! imagine yoongi sucking at tae's blood and his glasses fall and land smack on tae's face
for those who've been seeing me tweet like crazy & don't want to keep scrolling up for a day, here's where the au starts
thank you 😭😭😭
thank you! i'm really insecure about it because it's my first threadfic and i'd never intended it to be one. the shift from writing paragraphs and paragraphs of description on ao3 to this minimal platform is really strange
taehyung wants to– wants to– he can't think past the haze of exhaustion.
his body shivers as the warmth leaves him, thin faint tendrils of venomous pleasure curling around his ankles then coiling up his legs, binding him in place, and taehyung's thighs tremble with the effort to resist.
and taehyung continues to watch him, lashes threatening to close but he struggles to keep them open. his lip trembles, parts, but he can't speak.
i'm updating the au like mad, but after the drinking scene i have nothing written 😔
it is terrifying to be so helpless, so vulnerable, like yoongi could suck him dry and taehyung wouldn't be able to say a word.
he doesn't know how it feels like there's a haze clouding his mind and his judgement, a drugged sluggishness creeping into every thought that he can't even conceive the notion of stopping, much less move his lips to form the words.
and even though yoongi asks taehyung to stop him when it gets too much, yoongi doesn't truly know how it feels.
it's not pain taehyung feels as much as it is an incapacitating helplessness, an exhaustion that sinks deep into his bones, rendering him incapable to move or resist. he's completely pliable in yoongi's hold, unmoving and biddable.
the first time they did this, taehyung had expected it to be messier. but yoongi explained that fledgelings were the ones who were prone to making a mess, and vampires as old as him were more thoughtful about leaving traces or wasting blood for no reason.
taehyung flinches when fangs pierce the thin skin, he bites his lip to keep himself from making a sound.  but the pain soon ebbs away as the venom works its way through him, numbing him to the sensation. taehyung's mouth falls open in a silent gasp as yoongi sucks.
taehyung watches him from underneath his lashes. yoongi licks at the skin first and taehyung can't quite contain the shiver that courses through his body. yoongi's eyes briefly meet his, and then he's parting his lips.
"i know." taehyung whispers, his shoulders lose some of their tension and he sinks back into the mattress.  yoongi shifts so he is kneeling over him, knees on either side of his hips. he picks up taehyung's wrist like it's something delicate and slowly brings it to his mouth.
"stop" taehyung interrupts him. "i'm fine. okay?" he holds yoongi's jaw tighter and forces him to meet his eyes. "okay?" he repeats and waits until yoongi nods.
"barely" yoongi hisses, there's something bitter in his voice. "you couldn't even–"   he takes in a strangled breath.   "i'm sorry. i should've been paying more attention. i should've stopped sooner–"
yoongi doesn't reply. taehyung watches how his lips press tight and grim.  "i'm fine." he repeats, lifting his arm to brush a thumb against yoongi's cheek. his vision is a little hazy and he feels slightly drugged and sluggish, but it could've gone a lot worse.
taehyung gulps down the offered water, and taps at yoongi's arm to pull the bottle away from his mouth when he's done.  "i'm fine." he finally replies when he can.
"i–" taehyung's voice scratches painfully against his throat, and yoongi immediately understands. he picks up the bottle of water placed on the nightstand and supports taehyung's weight to help him sit up against the pillows.
taehyung's wrist falls on the mattress and in the fraction of a second it takes for him to blink, yoongi has crawled up the bed and is hovering over him.  "are you alright?" he murmurs, face fraught with worry.
in an instant, yoongi is pulling away. he retracts his fangs and taehyung feels the thick fog slowly lift and clear.  yoongi licks at the wound for it to close, and the skin mends into itself, leaving nothing but a faint pink scar in its wake.
he feels his body go limp, he feels it sag and sink and grow so horrifyingly still that yoongi must feel it too because his head immediately snaps up to look at him and his irises constrict then zero in on the way taehyung's lips tremble in plea.
nooooo
asdfghjkkl nooo
let's all collectively pretend it didn't happen :)
skdssdk it's tempting
thank you!!
lolol i'll see, he won't pass out either way don't worry!
the way i know which fic you're talking about 😂
😂😂😂
no worries, if you want more fics though you can go through my bookmarks, i have a ton of taegi fics saved
updates will be slower since i've posted most of what i had written in advance :< i'll try to post a bit before i go to sleep tonight though!
😺✏ — :_: thank you i'm glad you like my content! i put a lot of effort into it so thank you so much!! <3
😺✏ — thank you so much!!! i'm not sure what brought this on, but thank you for your kind words ;_; i hope you have a n…
if only i ever get to writing that scene 😔
baby jungkook is going to make them slow dance together later, just wait
😂😂😂
jungkook's face scrunches up but he shows no signs of waking up. it's antithetical– the way taehyung's heart pains to wake him up, knowing how jungkook's human body struggles with his bat-like traits, how it succumbs to sleep only after he exhausts it to the point of collapsing.
his ironman plushie is nowhere to be seen, which is a sure sign that taehyung will spend most of the morning crouching on his knees and searching under beds and cupboards for it.  "kook-ah, baby, it's time to wake up." he says softly, seating himself at the edge of the bed.
restraining his dumb urges, taehyung walks into jungkook's room next and feels his lips curl into a fond smile, unbidden.   jungkook is lying across his bed, limbs splayed out like a starfish and his blanket curled into his little fists.
he pulls one of yoongi's stretched sleep shirts over his head, he'd usually shake yoongi awake too but decides to let him have a few more minutes of rest. yoongi looks more at rest than taehyung's seen in weeks, a healthy blush on his cheeks that taehyung is half a mind to poke.
he brushes his teeth, washes his face, squints at his reflection and pushes the long limp bangs off his forehead. he needs a haircut if he doesn't wish to attract stares when he goes to pick up jungkook from school, well not any more than he already does.
a quick glance to his left tells him that yoongi, to nobody's surprise, manages to sleep through it all.  throwing the blanket off him, taehyung gets up and prepares himself for the day to come.
the alarm is a banshee and taehyung considers hurling his phone at the wall for all of three seconds before he forcefully wrenches himself up on an elbow, twists his torso and blindly swipes at the screen to get it to stop ringing hell between his ears.
the morning after is the same routine, rinsed and repeated.
yoongi turns the lights off soon after, and they go to sleep wordlessly, as is their routine.  and if the string stretches thinner between them with each day, neither of them mention it. instead, just like every other night, taehyung lies awake, waiting for the sound of its snap.
"good. now get some sleep."  taehyung lets go and yoongi shifts back to his side of the bed, and the silence between them isn't unfamiliar. it is quite possibly the only thing that sits familiar in the day they've had.
they have eight scenes to get through in total, and the drinking is just the third so :>
lmao they are, but they're also really dumb o.o
thank you!! ☺️
it's got really good abo subversions!!
yeah! i like minho's character here!
what's yoongi then lolol
fuck that, i honestly want tae to start courting jimin just to spite them all
🙂
the routine here dictates that yoongi pull at jungkook's hand and they leave, descend the elevator to the underground parking lot to yoongi's car.  but jungkook is staring at them with his big round eyes.
he stands up from where he was crouched to jungkook's eye level and meets yoongi's eyes. yoongi is already looking at him.  then this– this is not routine.
jungkook pulls him forward, his tiny arms wrapped around taehyung's neck and their foreheads pressed together.  "i love you, appa." he babbles.  taehyung grins and pecks him on the nose.  "i love you even more, baby."
then they're leaving and taehyung combs through jungkook's hair, fusses with his clothes and finally kisses his cheek and assures him his tummy ache will be gone before he knows it.
taehyung persuades him into eating a few slices before yoongi takes over and feeds him the rest with promises of taking him to the planetarium again this sunday.
it's a routine, how taehyung coaxes jungkook to eat the mango he sliced for him for breakfast. jungkook has stomach aches in the morning that don't pass till he's comfortable and immersed in kindergarten, and it's no different this morning.
the plushie is thankfully found under their bed by yoongi who joins him in the kitchen to make his coffee, and taehyung wordlessly helps him with his cufflinks.
the routine is a familiar one. taehyung packs kook's lunchbox with strawberries that his grandparents had sent from the farm, a pineapple juice box, and an apple jungkook is sure to make a face at.
taehyung smacks his shoulder with the back of his hand.   "get up, it's a quarter to eight." he announces before exiting the room to get jungkook ready for school.
after a minute of no progress, taehyung decidedly strips him of his blanket and yoongi opens his eyes then narrows them at him in a piss poor attempt to look threatening.
as expected, jungkook squeals and jumps out of his bed, running to the bathroom. taehyung grins as he watches him before making his way back to his bedroom.  yoongi isn't as easy to rouse. for a brief moment taehyung considers tickling him too but discards the thought right away.
taehyung laughs as he stands and begins to walk out of the room, "i'll go wake your daddy. brush your teeth till then."   he pauses, then pokes his head back in.   "and if you fall asleep again, the tickling monster will be back."
taehyung lets him go and bends down to give him a loud wet kiss on the cheek. jungkook scrunches up his nose in displeasure and pushes him away before taehyung can pepper him with more of them like he's known to do.
jungkook's eyes snap open at once and he pushes at taehyung's hands, flails his limbs but taehyung holds him tight and tickles him until jungkook starts to gasp with breathless laughter.  "appa, i'm sorry!" he squeals, "i'm sorry, i'm up! i'm up!"
taehyung narrows his eyes, amused and incredibly fond, and skims his fingers down jungkook's face and chest to the little tummy peeking out from where his shirt had ridden up.  he doesn't give a warning before he digs his fingers into the soft skin and tickles.
"you're awake, aren't you?" taehyung asks, purposely putting on his "serious" tone, the same one he uses when he and jungkook act out historical drama skits in the kitchen in the evening, and he sees how jungkook's lips twitch to contain the squeak that threatens to escape.
taehyung traces his fingers across jungkook's cheek, cupping it and bending down to kiss his forehead.  "baby, it's time for school. you don't like being late to school, do you?" he is coaxing, kissing both his cheeks, when he catches the deliberate squeeze of jungkook's eyes.
he meets yoongi's dark stare, their eyes locking for a brief moment before yoongi ducks his head.  "uh, you too." he mumbles, lips stumbling around the unfamiliar words and eyes darting away. his ears are flushed red.
"have a nice day." taehyung murmurs, and brushes a stray stand of hair off his face.  he sees yoongi's lashes flutter furiously, and his fingers travel down yoongi's cheek and jaw, faintly grazing his neck before straightening his collar and falling back to his side.
ah screw this, he thinks.  and taehyung leans in and presses his lips to yoongi's cheek, ignoring the swell of yoongi's eyes and the faint red that blooms in splatters across his skin when taehyung pulls away.
and this close, taehyung can count each of yoongi's freckles and lashes. yet when he meets yoongi's dark eyes, he can't seem to read the emotion stirring underneath them.  the wire around his throat tightens and yanks.
how yoongi's eyes flicker to jungkook for a fraction of a second before they're back on taehyung, a tightness in them that taehyung is certain reflects in his own, how yoongi's lips press tight with uncertainty like he's trying to keep words from spilling out.
they haven't talked about it, they should but they haven't, for very obvious reasons. and taehyung hates these moments that feel excruciatingly slow like taehyung can see everything around him in deliberate detail– how jungkook's eyes go big and a little expectant,
and taehyung feels the pull of the string again, how the thin taut string coils tight around their throats and ties them together, how it tightens and threatens to cut skin.  it pulls at him like a leash and taehyung takes a step closer to yoongi till they're close, too close.
😺✏ — yes!!! i've watched marina abramovik's piece too and that one is even more brutal. the reason i chose yoko ono's…
i watched it on qdeoks' site!!
thank you so much!! im glad you enjoy it!!
stop giving me ideas 😂
lmaao, cry with me till i get myself to actually write the scene
from now on i'll forever refer to this fic as the vampire fruit bat sexual tension marriage fic, thank you
😺✏ — ohhh he doesn't have wings, but he does have cute little fangs (referred to as "teethies!" in their household) an…
😺✏ — yoongi, hoseok undefined namjoon are humans! and kook is a cute little fruit bat!  human…
"say bye to appa, kook." yoongi tightens his hold on jungkook's hand as he takes a step back and pushes the door open with his palm.  "bye appa!" jungkook squeaks and waves, bouncing on his feet in excitement as he walks after yoongi through the door.
yoongi looks away and dips his head to look at jungkook who is watching the two of them with a wide-eyed glee.
and it's okay, it's fine, taehyung clenches his hand around the car keys and forces a smile on his face when namjoon looks at him, before turning around abruptly and walking straight back to the elevator.
but most of all, it's the way namjoon has the same puzzled look as taehyung on his face, like he too is hearing about this "work" for the first time.
there's something different in the way yoongi doesn't even glance at him as he says it, the way he goes right back to typing on his laptop and taehyung stands at the door to his office, feeling awfully like a piece of decoration in the room. forgotten and dismissed.
taehyung feels his spine stiffen for a brief second, but there's nothing out of ordinary in the statement. yoongi does this often, but taehyung had always received the information via texts.
he's at the door when yoongi stops him.   "taehyung" he calls out, and taehyung twists around.   "take the car." yoongi throws him the car keys and taehyung catches them, puzzled. "i have some work, it'll go on till late. i won't be home for the night, so don't wait up okay?"
he sees yoongi roll his eyes before he picks up the designs and looks up at namjoon. "did you get the copies of the budget plan?"  the two of them return to talking about the meeting with the client and taehyung takes it as his cue to leave.
"yoongi hyung doesn't deserve you." namjoon says in awe, biting into a pastry as taehyung places the blueprints before yoongi who glances up to scowl at namjoon.  "facts, hyung." taehyung grins. "don't wear them out."
yoongi doesn't look up when taehyung enters, immersed in something on the screen of his laptop.  it's namjoon who waves him in.  "hey hyung" taehyung smiles and hands him the pastries and iced tea. "figured you might need a pick me up."
the guards recognize him and let him through with a smile, and taehyung rides the elevator to the eleventh floor.  several employees wave him by before he eventually knocks and enters yoongi office.
yoongi's office is fifteen minutes from their apartment on a good day. and taehyung reaches with five minutes to spare.   he makes a quick detour and picks up a few pastries and a cup of iced tea on a whim before entering the building yoongi's studio is located in.
dragging himself off the bed, taehyung hops into the bathroom for a quick shower.   he pulls on pair of jeans and a loose button up shirt, and grabs the blueprints from yoongi's study before slinging his bag across his shoulder and locking the apartment behind him.
his phone buzzes a few times, yoongi texts him what the blueprints are supposed to look like and where he'll find them, and taehyung gives up on all thoughts of sleep.
"can you come in half an hour?" yoongi asks.  taehyung nods, then realises that yoongi's waiting for an answer. "yeah, i will. see you then."  "thanks, taehyung-ah—" yoongi is speaking but taehyung cuts the call and flops back on the bed.
"want me to bring them to your office?" taehyung cuts him off, pushing himself on an elbow and blinking in the direction of yoongi's study.  "yeah" taehyung can hear the rustling of papers in the background, then a faint voice of namjoon asking yoongi to airdrop him a file.
"what?" taehyung mumbles groggily, peeking an eye open to look at the time. it's only been an hour since.  "were you sleeping?" yoongi doesn't wait for a response before he's speaking again. "sorry, i have a meeting with a client in an hour but i left the blueprints on my desk–"
he's sleeping when his phone starts buzzing once again and he blindly flaps his hand on the bed in search for the device, irritated when he does find it, and picks the call without opening his eyes.  "tae?"   it's yoongi.
he returns to the bedroom once again to catch a few more hours of sleep because even though he'd assured yoongi he was fine last night, the exhaustion has settled thick and heavy in his bones and it would take a few more days to wash it out of his body.
taehyung watches them leave, smiling when he hears jungkook chirp excitedly, one hand in yoongi's and the other gesticulating wildly as he recounts the wild dream he had last night.
the eighth one is a longass sex scene :)
noo this is the only one, the next one has a tiny koo being babied by jimin sand hoseok so you can look forward to that tomorrow!!
for anyone wondering, i update this au at the pace of a scene per day, there are eight scenes in total and we're currently at the fifth one
sorry you'll get a cute koo in some time to make up for this dumb unnecessary angst :<
shhhsd he eats them later, he's shy like that
but it's clear that yoongi doesn't seem to share or care for his thoughts, considering he's already going back to whoever will keep him company tonight, whoever has kept him company for the several nights in the past few months, if it even is the same person.
it's fine, it's completely fine, taehyung repeats to himself like a possessed man. except it isn't, except sometime between yesterday and today, taehyung had allowed himself to believe that maybe—
ok no im exhausted i can't deal with another vague ass depressing movie trailer
ok but what should i pick ugh
who are u and what do u want
whyru so sweet asdfgthjkk lemme hug u
baekbamaoverboard
squeakybreadcrumbs??
should i take a new username or recycle my old unoriginal one
why did i delete my ao3
daeguland promts are so cute but i have to wait for this goddamn ao3 invite
asdfghjjk now i have to make an ao3 acct again for daeguland what is this conspiracy
nam hyunwoo has filmed most of the bts' videos.
fight me
jimin eyes hoseok like he won't hesitate to poke his eyes out with the chopsticks, and taehyung snorts as he picks jungkook off hoseok's shoulders and sits him down on the floor beside him, handing him the strawberry slushie jimin bought for him.
"he's four. his teeth will fall out anyway." hoseok says once they're sitting on the floor and unwrapping the food containers.
that's when jimin enters the room, carrying bags of what smells like jajangmyeon.  "just because you eat your weight in sugar doesn't mean jungkook deserves tooth decay." he says as he approaches them and pecks jungkook on the nose before setting the food on the floor.
jungkook nods enthusiastically. "i like them," he says, and hoseok looks at taehyung like he's offended his grandmother.  "have you brainwashed him entirely? does he even know chocolates exist?"
"they look like bugs." jungkook says like that's enough of a reasoning.  "you ate a raisin?" hoseok asks, sounding more horrified at the idea of jungkook eating raisins than bugs.
hoseok turns to look at taehyung, horrified, and taehyung snorts.  "a raisin." he corrects jungkook, then looks at hoseok. "he thinks they're bugs."
jungkook laughs, loud and delighted, and hoseok places him on his shoulders.  "how's the prince today?" he asks as he carries jungkook inside, ignoring taehyung altogether.  "i ate a bug today!" jungkook announces proudly.
taehyung drives them to the dance studio that's located in the more indie side of the city, tucked between a tattoo parlor and a pizza place.  they don't reach very far before a wild hoseok comes in, swooping jungkook up in his arms and twirling him around.
jungkook lets out an inhuman shriek of delight and taehyung winces, but smiles and sends the voice recording of it to jimin who responds in kind.
and so when he's got jungkook in his booster seat, he tilts his phone towards him and asks.  "kook, wanna have lunch with uncle hoseok and uncle jimin?"
jimin, however, isn't as kind. he's been texting him incessantly ever since taehyung let yesterday's incidents slip.  his best friend's been oscillating between imaginative ways to kill the kids in jungkook's class and screaming about the kiss without toggling his capslock off.
jungkook is soft spoken in school, bottling up all his words till they come spilling out in front of taehyung or yoongi. it's cute, and makes taehyung forget about yoongi altogether.
the sight of the school makes something bitter crawl up to his tongue, but the jungkook who jumps into his arms is smiling wide and chirping about everything he did in the day. and taehyung feels himself relax as he lets jungkook's endearing narration of his day fill him up.
a few hours later, after having spoken with the woman about the kind of artwork she desired, taehyung drives to jungkook's school to pick him up.
the elevator doors open to the parking lot and taehyung power walks to the car, refusing to be affected by it. he has a few hours before jungkook's kindergarten ends, so he texts the woman who'd commissioned a mural in her garden if he can come over to take a look at the space.
a little over 6 hours
😺✏ — yes, tae is trans
asdfghjl i had that thought in the beginning
honestly i expected a titan to peek up from the wall 😭
nooooooo
thank you so much!! it means a lot that you're enjoying it! i feel awkward writing kid characters but im glad to know you like it!! i hope you have a nice day, love!
i love your reactions lmao thank you
😺✏ — thank you! i'm glad you enjoyed reading tae's character! and jungkook too, i had a hard time writing their intera…
my parents threw me into an english speaking boarding school when i was 9, and being made fun of makes for an efficient teaching
oh my god, i am glad you're enjoying the fic!! and the mv reminded me too of your silence right up until the giraffes popped up. the taehyung in the fic though is wearing something closer to these outfits
read my au!!! 😭
😂😂😂😂
i love it already 😭
it's told from tae's point of view, so some of the phrasing is deliberately written like that because of his insecurities and doubts :< but there's only two more scenes left, so things are going to pick up now!! :)
lmao
i'm sorry 😭
he catches hoseok and jimin's surprise. this is something he hadn't shared with them before, too embarrassed to confess that even in the four years of marriage, yoongi hadn't ever desired him enough to feed from his throat.
"he doesn't– he drinks from my wrist." taehyung admits, the humiliation from before returning once again.
taehyung looks away, feeling the burn of the mortification crawl up to his cheeks. it's true that feeding can be a sensual and intimate experience, except–  "we don't really–" taehyung hesitates, shrinks into himself just a little.
"yes," taehyung says pointedly, "after i shoved my wrist under his nose."  "still." that is hoseok. he returns with jungkook dangling from his neck.  "yoongi told me he feeds from you once every two months or so. surely you guys do something after that, don't you?"
taehyung stares at him, unamused.  "we kissed with jungkook staring at us like we were two fascinating fish in an aquarium."  jimin swats his words away with a hand like they're excuses.  "yoongi drank from you, didn't he?"
taehyung chokes and coughs till he recovers, then stares at jimin, accusatory.  "what the fuck?"  "what? you told me you guys kissed, what does a man assume from that?"
"so" he says in a tone that suggests he's gearing up to enter what taehyung supposes has been his main goal behind the impromptu lunch.  "did you finally get that dick?"
a while later, when hoseok is giving jungkook what has to be the wildest piggyback ever, jimin slaps his palms down on the floor, snatching back taehyung's attention from his phone.
the conversation strays once they start eating. jimin complains about the work load, especially now with seokjin and his anniversary gala just round the corner, and that gets hoseok bemoaning about how literally everyone around him is married.
please nooo they know that they like each other, im not that brutal. they just think their feelings are not mutual
a hope
it's uh... in the works
thank you !!!! ???? im glad you like my works!!
let's see, so far i have arranged marriage, loveless marriage, married couple getting naughty on a throne, alchemy themed hunger games for the prince's hand in marriage :)
my upcoming fic for   that's *gasp* about taegi getting married
🙂
im just going to stay silent on this one 🙂
they're both idiots, that's all 😔
"appa, you're being mean." jungkook repeats as he glares up at him. "you didn't let me watch king julian's dance. and and– when i asked you why daddy didn't eat his dinner, you didn't answer me. and you told me that it's rude to ignore someone!"
"you're being mean." jungkook says once he's tucking him inside his blankets, and taehyung feels the words like a slap to his face.   his hands still and taehyung looks up to where only jungkook's eyes and nose peek out from underneath the blankets.
so when he's finally finished and jungkook is still watching madagascar, refusing to go to bed, taehyung simply picks him up, carries him to his room, and tosses him onto the bed.
he feels as if he's lugging his body behind him by the time he enters the kitchen and begins to load the dishwasher.
he lets jungkook watch cartoons before they eat dinner, feeling like his body is running on fumes as he makes jungkook finish the tomatoes on his plate, clear his toys, change into his nightsuit and then brush his teeth.
but by the time they return home, taehyung feels like the snake wound around his lungs has started to squeeze tighter.
taehyung laughs but indulges jimin in his ridiculous plans of seduction while hoseok makes the smart choice of picking jungkook up and carting him off to the other side of the room to dance to girl group songs, and jungkook is only too delighted to comply.
taehyung doesn't try to stop the laugh that escapes him.  "of course," he says, grinning, "you've only been waiting since college."  "of course." jimin smiles, then pretends to leer at him as he waggles his eyebrows. "you'll be rich then, so you can be my sugar daddy."
at both their looks of incredulity, jimin raises his palms in surrender.  "i'm just saying that it wouldn't be all that unfortunate if taehyung was to get all his money." jimin flops back on the floor as he sighs. "then tae and i can finally elope. with the kiddo of course."
hoseok scoffs. "is this your way of speaking it into existence?"  "i'm going to be doing a lot more than just speaking it into existence—" jimin starts but hoseok shoves at his shoulder.  "what? he's tiny! i can totally take him out."
"besides, there's also the possibility that yoongi may accidentally meet his untimely end—"  taehyung rolls his eyes, more than used to the evil energy jimin has compressed into his tiny body, ready to escape from the smallest of gaps at the mention of yoongi's name.
and taehyung appreciates jimin's concern, knows that he is aware of all of taehyung's insecurities via some sketchy best friend telepathy he claims he has. yoongi doesn't deserve him, taehyung thinks, but probably not in the way jimin means.
"— the coitus you deserve," jimin amends. taehyung snorts but jimin slaps him on the thigh and taehyung looks back up at him.  jimin's gaze is more sincere now, deliberate in the way he eyes him as he says, "then he doesn't deserve you."
taehyung's eyes widen, incredulous.  "and if he still doesn't give you the dicki—" hoseok slams an elbow hard into his side, and jimin's gaze falls on jungkook who's watching them with big attentive eyes.
"this obviously means only one thing." jimin pulls him out of his thoughts. "you have your anniversary coming up in june, don't you?" he asks.  taehyung nods.  "we'll just have you seduce him like no other man can."
because he knows that their arrangement only exists for jungkook's eyes. and that outside of that, taehyung may as well just be another piece of furniture in their apartment.
that he's going to see someone else tonight, taehyung thinks bitterly, but doesn't say. there's something to be said about the fact that taehyung knows his husband is possibly seeing someone else, but he isn't going to stop him.
he can't actually hear him lol, tae is just very easy to read
lmao kook is spoiled by everyone
if there was ever a moment taehyung wanted to wish jimin dead, it would be now.  "okay, i'm sleeping." jungkook relents and taehyung wants to die already. "good night, appa."  "good night, jungkook-ah."
"appa—"  "jungkook, sleep, please."  "one last thing!" jungkook pleads.  "kook—"  "what is a coitus?"
"daddy had some important work, he'll be back tomorrow morning, okay?"  taehyung doesn't open his eyes. he waits till he hears jungkook's little "okay" in response, and prepares to go back to sleep again.
taehyung thinks he's successfully deflected the question and closes his eyes again but jungkook pokes him in the ribs like he thinks taehyung fell asleep.  taehyung sighs. he hates lying to jungkook, and tries to avoid it as much as he can.
"you're not getting out of eating tomatoes any time soon, young man." he narrows his eyes playfully, and jungkook visibly deflates.
"appa, why isn't daddy back home?" jungkook asks quietly.  "does he also not like tomatoes?" he adds after a moment, a little hopefully.  taehyung breathes out a laugh and opens his eyes to jungkook watching him intently, a lot more awake than taehyung wants him to be.
and he's damn near asleep when he feels jungkook wiggle in his hold.  "straight to sleep." taehyung warns without opening his eyes. he feels jungkook squirm till he's turned around to face taehyung.
he doesn't bother bringing out the second blanket, just wraps jungkook in his arms and pulls his own blanket over both of them.
"yeah, but we go straight to sleep, okay?"  jungkook nods excitedly, holding his arms up for taehyung to pick him up which taehyung does and carries him to his own room.
truthfully, it took a long time to get jungkook to sleep in a separate room. but he figures one night can't hurt, and when he recalls yoongi telling him that he won't return home tonight, taehyung admits that yeah, he wants jungkook to sleep with him.
taehyung lets out a fond little laugh at that. he used to say that to him everytime jungkook had a nightmare, and jungkook took to asking him and yoongi the same question everytime he sensed his parents were having a difficult time.
"it's okay." jungkook mumbles, always too forgiving. taehyung doesn't deserve him honestly. "do you want me to sleep with you?"
taehyung immediately feels all exhaustion flee his body. he lowers himself till he's kneeling on the floor and leaning over the edge of jungkook's bed.  "i'm sorry, baby." he apologizes, gently stroking his hair. "appa is just having a hard day. i didn't mean to ignore you."
yoongi doesn't feed every time he has sex and vice versa, although his venom has a numbing & pleasurable sensation to keep the prey from struggling while he drinks from them. the effects of the venom are more intense if yoongi drinks from the throat than elsewhere, like the wrist
so there's nothing for you to be familiar with bc this is fiction, vampires and their relationships are fictional, there aren't any rules, but i get what you mean.   in this fic though, infidelity is considered just as bad as it is in our world. be it sex or feeding.
lol
he's definitely going to interrupt but i have yet to decide when
noo he'll remain innocent forever and always
wow, didn't expect that. i always expect to choose the one thing that'll kill me. im going to make kook cockblock the moment i get sick of writing the smut
lmaaao
no, definitely
i love everyone who voted yes
would you like kook to cockblock taegi's sex scene at the end of the au?
it's a little biased bc it's from tae's pov but yoongi is a sweetheart too!! just wait a little longer :_:
no pressure you say 🙂
he's precious!!
don't worry, there's only a line that hints at it. i want trans characters to be part of fics that are more than them being trans.
omghhjkkfsadggj
why is no leading 😭
tae is a trans man
😺✏ — i, embarrassingly, don't read much outside of fanfiction. at least not fiction. i prefer to read books on science and philosophy, if you want recs check out—…
im going to sleep, vote yes cowards
i don't want to say anything because i might spoil it but he has his own stuff, and it'll all be resolved soon!!
to sleep or to read the desdemona update uhhhh
omg why does everyone hate him 😭 he's a sweetheart, this is just told from tae's pov
look at you asking the important questions
yeah a lot of authors kind of "borrow" tropes from other fics? and the tropes become popular enough that they become common knowledge in the fandom. like how no one had sparkling vamps before twilight started it
😺✏ — hey, no, i understand your point, everyone has different experiences and may not interpret it the way i'd intende…
i'd argue that the fic reads the same regardless of what you assumed.  but thank you for explaining your intention, im not offended, just disappointed because i wanted for it not to be about his gender but it became just that
im ending this all, thank you for explaining your thoughts. but i stand by what i said, i understand that you wished for it to be more obvious, but for me that wasn't necessary at all. i think me implying tae's hard times in college and his pregnancy were enough of a message.
i came here to post an update but fuck that, i'll return after a while
if you feel uncomfortable with the idea that tae is trans, feel free to click out of the fic, no one's forcing you to read it.
😺✏ — this is the last ask i'm going to answer about this. like i said, tae's gender is not the focus of this fic. i do…
😺✏ — anon, you're presuming them to be cisgender men.   not everyone identifies as the gender they were assigned at birth. people who…
😺✏ — im sorry, i had a really bad day today, i'll post the update once i wake up in a few hours
😺✏ — thank you!! and yes, im pretty much the reincarnate of the person who changed their name to "public universal friend" in 1776, i'd do that if it weren't for th…
😺✏ — tae gave birth to jungkook, and yes, they're both men.
😺✏ — no, bts is my first proper fandom. before that i didn't really have internet because i lived in a boarding school. i got internet in 2015. i was into exo maybe for a few months but as soon as t…
so taegi will indulge in the art of coitus but kook will make (1) unwanted appearance, however the coitus will persevere after said interruption
turning 23 this year :)
when u count the lineup in every exo group picture and let out a relieved sigh
yoongi's horrible flirting and tae is so cute
why is there this weird blur in the fandom about namjoon and hoseok's ages and who is older to who?
xvsvcjcyvces jre called jk itachi im dyingm\ omfg
oh fuck
imagine yoongi dropping his 3rd mv in the middle of this chaos
look ive been there and ive done all this detective pathcode business already and i literally cannot again f u c k
ok but like these daeguland prompts are really doing smthing to me
im happy that daeguland is a ficfest i think they are less stressful than exchanges
f u c k
"have a nice day." he murmurs, and taehyung's eyes widen, a breath lodging itself in his throat, unable to escape.
taehyung's palms automatically come to hold him by the shoulders and his mouth parts instinctively when he feels yoongi's breath on his neck.  his skin positively tingles when yoongi presses a kiss right below taehyung's ear.
taehyung kisses jungkook's hair before he straightens and meets yoongi's intense stare, but this time before he can blink, yoongi is leaning forward.  yoongi presses a palm to the back of his spine and pulls him closer.
taehyung offers to drive jungkook to school instead but yoongi waves him off, saying that he has to drop by his office anyway.   the uncomfortable ordeal doesn't fully end until they're standing at the door once again.
it's a tense breakfast. taehyung busies himself with his phone, trying to ignore the way yoongi sometimes stares at him in the middle of jungkook's chatter.  but thankfully jungkook eats the rest of his breakfast without much of a fuss, too distracted by yoongi's presence.
jungkook beams and taehyung briefly meets yoongi's gaze. there's something strangely uncomfortable in the way yoongi watches him, and taehyung immediately looks away as if burnt.
taehyung hesitates, looks at jungkook's big round hopeful eyes for a helpless moment. it's a lost battle and he too gives up, taking the seat on jungkook's other side.
jungkook nods, happy, and taehyung naturally stands up when yoongi pulls the plate of sliced apples towards himself.  "appa" jungkook immediately calls out, twisting around to look at him. "appa, sit with me." he demands.
yoongi must see that he's going to be stubborn about it because he sighs before he picks jungkook up and carries him to the table, sitting him down on his chair.  "is this better? will you eat now?" yoongi asks as he takes the seat beside him.
yoongi crouches down in front of him.  "you need to eat, kook-ah. where will you get the energy to play and jump around, huh?"  jungkook doesn't budge, instead he tugs at yoongi's coat even harder.  "no, come sit with me." he insists.
jungkook frowns at that. yoongi is putting him down on the floor but jungkook clings tight to the lapels of his coat.  "no," he says stubbornly.
his eyes shift to taehyung then, not for too long though, before he glances at the apple and back at jungkook.  "eat your breakfast till then, okay?"
"i met uncle hoseok and jimin!" jungkook tells him, and taehyung can see the way he's almost vibrating to tell yoongi everything he did yesterday.   yoongi also sees it.  "how about you tell me when we're in the car, love? let me change before i can take you to kindergarten."
yoongi kisses him on both his cheeks, his smile a little exhausted.  "sorry daddy had some work yesterday. how was your day?"
his skin is paler, damp from physical exertion, and there's a tenseness to him in the way he doesn't immediately match jungkook's enthusiasm. the way he has to blink a couple times as if to collect himself before he bends down and picks jungkook up in his arms.
taehyung twists around to see yoongi standing in the living room with an excited jungkook clinging onto his leg.  he looks disheveled, not in an obvious way. his clothes are put together, but his hair that's ruffled like he'd been running his fingers through it.
jungkook eyes the fruit with all the distaste he can manage, but just as taehyung is about to get him to open his mouth, there's the sound of the door clicking open.  "daddy!" jungkook immediately squeals, hopping out of his seat to run to the door.
jungkook is usually difficult on mornings, one of his bat-like traits, but most mornings yoongi is there to placate him and feed him his breakfast with a patience taehyung can only envy.  "come on, just one slice, okay? do it for appa." taehyung coaxes.
"i don't wanna." jungkook whines sadly.  "just three more slices, jungkook, come on." taehyung brings the fruit closer to his mouth but jungkook dodges it again, shaking his head vehemently.
yoongi arrives in the morning.  taehyung is trying to get jungkook to eat his breakfast but jungkook has resolutely shrunk into the corner of his chair in an attempt to get as far away as he possibly can from the slice of apple taehyung holds out on a fork for him.
lmaao
i love how the narrative had suddenly shifted from the mf is cheating to wtf was he doing
was he at work though? :)
i know i said only two scenes were left but the small breakfast scene was supposed to come earlier but i forgot about it so :)
i literally just thought about this last night, i was like march has started, annie would be excited to read two bros again :)
yoongi pulls away and slots his hand over jungkook's, and taehyung only just about catches jungkook's bright chirp of a goodbye before they leave taehyung alone to find his breath.  and his thoughts.
😂😂😂
i honestly feel bad for yoongo at this point 😂
the conflict is about to reach its peak! but nothing that happens is harmful! this au is only good and pure
if taehyung didn't know better, he'd think they look no different drinking, laughing and talking amidst the sounds of champagne glasses clinking and a live jazz band playing a soft upbeat melody.
while taehyung is usually excited about events like these, he's been feeling one too many eyes on him to be comfortable. and even though he'd expected the stares, he can never truly feel at ease around vampires outside of yoongi, seokjin and hoseok.
yoongi hasn't stopped complaining ever since they arrived, and jungkook is much too excited to stay still. taehyung has to catch him by the shoulder to keep him from running away to whatever new object catches his fancy.
but he doesn't have to wait long because he gets the answers to his questions only a few days later on the weekend.  the weekend is jimin and seokjin's anniversary gala, and the whole thing is just as ostentatious as the two of them.
taehyung is puzzled, they've probably texted more words in this week alone than they've spoken to each other in a month.  he doesn't fully understand what's up with yoongi, and getting answers out of the man is like pulling teeth.
yoongi texts more in general, and that in itself isn't all that strange. they usually text to confirm each other's schedule in order to shape their days around jungkook's needs, but it's never like this. it's never queries that bear no direct relation to jungkook's well-being.
yoongi acts strange for the rest of the week. he'd text taehyung out of the blue, asking him where he is and then insisting that he drive taehyung back home even when the route from his office would be almost twice as long as the one taehyung would otherwise take.
he doesn't really get much done in the day.
😺✏ — helloo! thank you!! i'm glad you like the loveless marriage au, i'm sorry for the long gaps between updates since…
no it is a metaphor here
😺✏ — that's so cute!! mya is the shortened version of my real name yes, but i definitely prefer mango, please refer to…
hoseok lets out a sharp surprised kind of laughter.  "they're just curious." he assures him. "you're a novelty for them right now."  his grin turns sly when he looks at yoongi. "and seeing how yoongi's been acting all day, i'm not surprised that they're behaving like this."
"have you tried the appetizers? seokjin wouldn't shut up about them." hoseok says when they sit down and jungkook makes grabby hands to sit in yoongi's lap.  "with the way everyone's been, i won't be surprised if they believe that i'm the appetizer." taehyung grumbles.
taehyung picks up a little plate and tongs to place a few watermelon slices on top of it for jungkook. he picks a peach bellini for himself and yoongi grabs his second glass of champagne before they head to the tables where they spot namjoon and hoseok waving them over.
he doesn't get to dwell on it because jungkook begins to grow restless and tired, and so they head to the table with the fruits and drinks.
yoongi had left his coven, had unhesitatingly dropped the last of the evidence that linked him to them. the woman had appeared shocked, which makes taehyung wonder if the action perhaps held more weight than he'd initially assumed.
it made sense but the way the woman reacted made taehyung pause. she'd been shocked, not surprised, but shocked. even though she'd hid it well afterwards, taehyung could see her occasionally glance at yoongi in interest.  and taehyung can't get the thought out of his mind.
they had a brief discussion about it before their marriage. yoongi hadn't hesitated when he said that he'd adopt taehyung's family name.  "it makes more sense." he'd said. "lesser chance of my family hounding us."
taehyung had talked to the vampire, and it had been surprisingly civil.   she had been mildly curious about him, had cooed at jungkook but the intent didn't seem malicious. the only thing that irked him was her surprise at the mention of yoongi's surname.
quite possibly because of yoongi's fingers digging tight into his side, a threat in his knuckles for everyone watching.
taehyung has had only one vampire come up to him, a considerably bold one because despite the stares, no one had actually approached him yet.   yoongi yes, but not taehyung.
yoongi had warned him beforehand that their marriage had caused quite a bit of a stir in his community, and that with their first appearance in public like this, there would be more than a few curious eyes on him and jungkook.
yoongi is several centuries old, taehyung doesn't know how old that is in vampire metrics but the way other vampires seem to skirt around him tells taehyung that he must rank high enough in whatever hierarchy he's heard they have.
there's an unspoken tension that hangs in the air. taehyung doesn't know much about vampires other than the few things he's noticed about yoongi, but even yoongi feels more human compared to their present company.
but yoongi's grip remains tight around his waist like an anchor securing him to his side.
yoongi makes conversation with a few of seokjin and his past acquaintances, vampires like them who'd left the coven for the city.  taehyung sees them eye him with an amused curiosity like he's an interesting specimen, much too intrusive to be comfortable.
he's half a mind to drain a few flutes of champagne to soothe the fretful ants crawling under his skin, to feel less like a stiff scarecrow in fancy clothes pinned to yoongi's arm like a showpiece. but he hasn't drank since his pregnancy, and he isn't tempted to start again.
it would help if yoongi didn't have an arm curled tight around his waist, a deliberate weight that taehyung just can't seem to get used to.
he feels too stiff in his high collar shirt and suit. feels like all the five liters of blood is sloshing around inside his body, feels as if any moment now one of those stares will successfully slice his skin open and it will all come spilling out of him and flood the hall.
but he does know, so he is aware of their eyes on him, drinking in every curve of his movement with sharp precision.
it was actually a really fun experience!!
the first written fic was a year later in the same school, i would write it in journals people gifted me on my birthday and after every chapter the journal would get passed from dorm to dorm so everyone could read it
the first fanfic was actually verbally recounted to me by my friend, we were in a boarding school with no internet, she'd go home once a month, read the update and tell me all about it when she returned 😭
i don't blame you 😂 they're so awkward i cry for them
the way you all act 😂 you know that they've had sex already don't you?
😺✏ — they can consume human food but it carries no nutrients and they need blood to subsist.   human food is like junk…
thank you!!! im glad you like it! it's a very precious fic to me as well :')
thank you so much!! im really glad you enjoy it! i know it's a little slow atm but the next update will have more taegi and a meddling kook!
for visual reference, this is what i imagined them to be wearing at the gala
the fic is already close to 300 tweets now 😭 and the sex by itself is going to be some 150 tweets 😭😭😭
thank you!! i really like the idea too, married but awkward taegi is the tag im going to write for the rest of my life
we've finally reached the scene where the final conflict happens, i know i said that i update one scene per day but this one is just too long
😭😭😭 i don't know why people didn't like it as much as your silence
😺✏ — thank you!! it's my first time doing a thread fic like this, but i'm glad you like it so far!!
😺✏ — i just made one! look in my moments!  it doesn't have my fic recs for those you can look at my ao3 bookmarks:  …
seokjin was infatuated with jimin from the very first time they met, but because he's a jackass he kept making dumb jokes about jimin being "edible". jimin hated his guts, and seokjin said he liked his meals feisty.
in other words, these are the outfits they'll be having sex in
thank you!!! im glad you like the dumb things my brain sprouts
indeed :)
it's uh taegi, i didn't realise that i didn't mention it in the tweet 😭
i just realised i didn't mention it but it's taegi 😳
you ma'am have connected the dots
if by the end of 2020 i'm not the one officiating taegi's marriage then what's even the point
😺✏ — whichever one im feeling the most inspiration for lol. at the moment i want to finish the loveless marriage au first. then i'll post the fic i promised for my giveaway. after that i have no i…
lmaao i must think of a subversion to go with that too
since im already on my way to writing every married taegi au possible
what about chaebol yoongi being forced to marry a man he doesn't know, going to vegas just to piss his mother off, getting drunk married to a hot stranger, getting it annulled, coming back home to his fiance who turns out to be said stranger he technically divorced 24 hours back
😺✏ — it's mainly because of jungkook, because there's never been a vampire who's been able to have a child. vampires a…
wait which one of them is realistic? is any of them realistic???
[rest]
i was already wrecked by the fic alone i cannot deal with a visual of it
i'd argue that taegi have a far better dynamic in your silence than they do in the loveless marriage au :(
taehyung twists to the side to see seokjin and jimin making their way to their table. seokjin is sporting purple hair, freshly dyed and pushed off his forehead, looking a lot more handsome than taehyung believes is entirely fair.
taehyung knits his eyebrows in confusion, then parts his lips to ask just what that is supposed to mean.   but before he can, he hears a familiar voice call out his name.
this spoke to my soul
oh that's fine too! although the sequel doesn't really spoil anything. i was just a little upset because i really like the fic but not many people seemed to have enjoyed it
😺✏ — taehyung believes it's only because of kook, but yoongi loves them both obviously
😺✏ — hello! i had a schedule when i started where i'd post a scene per day, but that was when i had them written in ad…
lmao 😂 i really do
it's this!
thank you so much!! i'm glad you liked it!!
there is???? there was one drunk married in vegas taegi fic called harvest moon (recall your youth) but it wasn't this plot and is deleted now
probably because i haven't made one tweet on this app that hasn't been about taegi lol
it is! if i an ever able to finish writing it
i'll update more today! it was getting too long otherwise and this seemed like an interesting point to stop 😂
😺✏ — it will be revealed later in the fic so i don't want to spoil anything, but his pregnancy months weren't good. they're actually t…
this can only go one way and that's taegi
he doesn't know what 'laying claim' means, well not until hoseok politely educates him, a shit-eating grin on his face, entirely unaffected by the murderous glare yoongi shoots at him.  "which is the equivalent of a dog pissing on the floor to mark its territory."
"i don't think that counts as being cautious, hyung." namjoon starts this time, grinning. "i think it's safe to say that you're publicly laying claim on taehyung."  taehyung watches yoongi's lips tighten with what he recognizes as annoyance.
yoongi narrows his eyes, unamused and much too familiar with seokjin's attempts to purposely incite him.  "look around you." he says. "you'd think they haven't seen a human before. of course i'm being cautious."
"if i didn't know any better, which i don't," seokjin starts with a tone that suggests that he very much knows the better. "i'd say that you're feeling quite possessive tonight. or dare i say protective?"
"what am i hearing about you acting like you'd gouge out the eyes of every man who dares to look at your human?"  taehyung blinks back his surprise and swiftly glances at yoongi before looking back at seokjin who looks very amused for some reason.
"you," he says with a ferocity that looks almost comical. "i've been looking for you everywhere."  taehyung sees jimin take the seat beside seokjin and interlock their fingers under the table.
jimin grins, doesn't deny it. instead he bends down and coos as he pinches jungkook's cheeks as well.  taehyung looks over at seokjin who has taken the chair beside yoongi and is aggressively digging a finger into his chest.
jimin squawks and pulls away, and taehyung laughs at his indignant face.  "congrats" he says, grinning, and jimin brightens, eyes curving into crescents.  "thanks for coming." he says, and taehyung snorts.  "like you wouldn't have gutted me if i didn't."
"hey, hyung." taehyung smiles and hears yoongi repeat the same.  jimin pulls away from seokjin's side and launches himself at taehyung, almost sending them both toppling to the floor. taehyung laughs, then pinches jimin's side to get rid of him.
i hope you feel better soon :(
bighit is illuminati. its confirmed
you're too much, just be glad you're cute and i like you
you tagged the wrong user 😂😂😂
omygodffgghd
yes it's a done deal 😌
screw sugar daddies, imagine a fic daddy, who writes you the fics you want, in other words: me. i'd like to be known as a fic daddy from now on. thank you
or or maybe they're both on their knees, clothes slashed away by knives
imagine taehyung & yoongi standing facing each other, holding hands, a rope tying their throats together and a demon bound between them by the same rope
i feel like opening commissions just so i can commission someone else in turn to make a fanart for your silence is my favourite sound :_:
reminded me of this lmao
😺✏ — hi! i'm glad you like your silence!! i'll admit i do cackle at thought of people entering the fic with no clue wh…
lolol thank you, i could do with a lot less of it though, this au doesn't look like it's going to finish anytime soon
"only if you fill the hole taehyung left in mine." jimin is grinning.  "are you two finished?" taehyung snaps, feeling the treacherous red heat flood his face.
seokjin turns to jimin, an amused quirk to his lips. "it seems to me that i only have you to fill the hole yoongi brutally carved in my heart."  "what heart?" taehyung hears yoongi mutter.
"taetae and i were like that too. but from the moment he met yoongi hyung—" jimin makes a motion of shaking his head in disappointment.  taehyung glares at jimin, feeling the flush on his cheeks and resolutely not looking at yoongi as their friends gang up against them.
"the betrayal! the anguish!" seokjin is still singing, ignoring yoongi altogether.  "hyung, you may as well forget it." jimin joins in on the teasing, and taehyung casts him a look of betrayal that jimin shamelessly ignores.
"but then taehyung comes along, and he forgets me altogether. doesn't reply to my texts, no phone calls, doesn't even bother to ask me how i am. i practically raised him!" seokjin says in mock outrage.  "i see your dumb face every damn day." yoongi interrupts, deadpan.
"ah, i remember when my yoongo and i were so close." seokjin sighs, his chin propped on his palm as he pretends to look forlorn. "he used to be so cute too."  yoongi stares at him, looking impressively unimpressed.
"i don't think he's ever sent a text to me." hoseok muses.  jungkook giggles.  seokjin takes a moment to grin at jungkook like they share a secret before he leans forward, an elbow on the table.
yoongi sighs like he's already exhausted by the entire ordeal and crosses his arms as he leans back in his seat.  "i think the longest text he's ever sent me is 'do you want to go eat?'" namjoon adds.
"your way of showing concern for me was to poke me in the face with a shoe and ask if i was really dead this time round." he says, full of loud indignation.   "and that you've sent me a grand total of five texts in the seven centuries i've known you."
"we're in a hall full of suckers eyeing him like they'll drain him dry the moment i blink. tell me why is it so hard to believe that i'm concerned about his safety?"  "i'll tell you why." seokjin cuts him off.
taehyung whips his head in yoongi's direction, bewildered and unbelieving, but yoongi isn't looking at him.  he's glaring at hoseok and namjoon.
lmao i'm glad you liked it!!
😺✏ — hello, most of those are ideas that i simply tweet with no intention of writing further. the duke taehyung au was…
i hope you have a wonderful day today!!! 🎉🎉🎉🎉
oh they will undefined
they will!!!
taehyung watches yoongi stare at each one of them, his lips curling with irritation.  and taehyung shrinks in his seat. feels himself lose his breath as the roots wrap tight around his lungs and crush the air out of him.
"didn't you say you wanted to use the washroom?" yoongi asks, ignoring the whole bunch of them and reaching out for jungkook wrapped secure in jimin's arms. "you drank a lot of juice, didn't you?"  "don't worry, hyung. we'll take him." namjoon interrupts.
jungkook is giggling and basking in the collective attention of their friends, oblivious of the chaos he's caused.  "jungkook-ah" taehyung hears yoongi say.
and in the span of a few moments, taehyung watches with a growing horror as all of their friends jump onto the opportunity like a pack of excited hyenas.  "it's what the prince wants." hoseok says. he too is grinning, looking all too pleased with how the evening is unfolding.
"oh my, what a splendid idea!"   jimin's high-pitched exclamation brings him back and taehyung blinks and glances at the table.  jimin is grinning wickedly as he slides jungkook off yoongi's lap and sits him down on his own.
the table drops into a surprised silence.  taehyung feels the chill spread to the rest of his body, roots growing and coiling and binding his limbs in place. he doesn't dare look at yoongi, feels his mouth run dry at the thought.
there are couples swaying to the music, and taehyung suddenly feels a cold foreboding dread begin to lodge its roots in his gut.  "appa, dance with daddy!" jungkook demands, almost falling off yoongi's leg in his excitement till yoongi's arm comes to secure him.
"appa," jungkook chirps excitedly, teeth on wide display. he's pointing towards the other end of the hall, and taehyung follows his finger to the dancefloor where the band is playing a slow and sweet melody.
"don't be upset, taehyungie." hoseok coos and leans forward to ruffle taehyung's hair. "we understand what young love can be like."  taehyung's retort is interrupted when he feels a tug on his coat.  he looks down at jungkook seated in yoongi's lap.
he raises an eyebrow in question but taehyung is frozen stiff in his seat.  yoongi rolls his eyes before he holds his hand out, palm up, before taehyung.
taehyung whips his head to the side to see yoongi pushing himself off his seat. for a moment he wonders if yoongi will just choose to walk away. but yoongi stands then pauses, twists around and stares at taehyung expectantly.
for a long suffocating still, it's silent.  then taehyung hears the sound of a chair being pushed back
he knows he should speak, but he can't, not when his only thought is of the person yoongi is seeing, not when he knows that the moment he looks up, he'll see evidence of yoongi's displeasure.
he holds the edge of his chair, trying to fight the way he's being wrung tight, feeling the cold fingers of humiliation on his throat choke him of every inch of thought.
thank you!! i'm glad you enjoyed it! ( ꈍᴗꈍ)
😺✏ — nope, it's just a little push towards a much needed honest conversation
it's not a lot of that, just enough to be a catalyst because neither of them are willing to have an honest conversation at the moment
😺✏ — i was excited about it for like 2 days lol when my elevator broke down and i had to climb 8 flights of stairs, bu…
😺✏ — hello anon!! i would love to beta other writers' works but i'm not very confident??? because english isn't my nat…
he chances a glance at yoongi only to find him staring back at him in mild amusement, lips pulled into a small smile. and taehyung feels an all too familiar flush on his cheeks before he looks away.
it may be awkward but something in their shared silence is soothing. and when taehyung accidentally steps on yoongi's shoe and yoongi lets out a soft hiss of pain, taehyung can't help the small breath of a laughter that escapes him.
and even though taehyung feels like they're two dolls being made to play house, with time, as they dance, taehyung feels some of his earlier discomfort seep out of him.
it's silent and much too awkward and taehyung stares at the black shirt yoongi's worn under his jacket instead of holding his gaze.  the music is light and its pace slow enough that they ease into the swing of it naturally, swaying together in simple motions, no dips or turns.
this has been a lovely read!! thank you so much!! 😭😭😭
😺✏ — you'll find out soon enough!! :d
taehyung follows his lead and places his hand along the curve of yoongi's waist. feels as if he may be a toy whose key has been twisted, because not a moment later they're dancing.
taehyung can't get his body to move, limbs weighing down like lead. and yoongi lets out a huff of a breath before he takes a step closer and grabs hold of taehyung's hand once again.  he places a palm on taehyung's shoulder, erasing any doubt of their positions.
yoongi's face is a careful blank, not a hint of what he's feeling bare, and for a brief moment of dissonance, they stand facing each other, uncertain of how to proceed further.
yoongi lets go and taehyung's hand drops back down to his side, before he turns around and taehyung finally meets his eyes.
taehyung lets yoongi pull him amidst the dancing couples, then past them till they stand at a considerable distance from them, hardly a privacy but taehyung is grateful anyway.
taehyung feels yoongi's hand slide down his arm to hold his hand, intertwining their fingers together before he pulls them in the direction of the dance floor.  the sounds of their friends' catcalls are muted under the frantic pulsating of his heartbeat ringing loud in his ears.
yoongi stands as well. taehyung doesn't know what expression sits on his face, he has his eyes averted to somewhere past yoongi's shoulder and his lungs shudder helplessly in his ribcage. he can't look at him, not yet.
and taehyung pulls in an unsteady inhale, looks away from yoongi's gaze as he nods.  "yeah," he says as he stands, straightens and blinks past the haze in his mind.   "it's just a dance." he echoes, perhaps more to himself.
taehyung tries to catch his breath and yoongi's other hand comes to hold him by the hip.  "you okay?" yoongi murmurs from where he's crouched before him. he's too close, his words a cool breath against taehyung's skin.
"it's just a dance." yoongi says but when taehyung doesn't immediately respond, hoseok is the one who whispers "jesus, tae" and gives him a push.  tae almost falls out of his seat but yoongi bends and grabs him by the bicep, steadying him before he can fall.
he feels yoongi's dark eyes on him.  "you don't have to do– any of this really. it's fine. it's– it's fine." taehyung drags the words past the dry knot in his throat.  yoongi pulls away from his hold, and taehyung lets his arms drop back to his sides.
and how yoongi eventually came crashing back into his life like a tidal wave, a whole year after taehyung had last seen him, saying something about leaving his coven, about seoul, about jungkook, about a marriage, and taehyung just—  "you don't have to apologize."
and when those weeks slowly turned into months and yoongi didn't show up, didn't call, and soon enough hoseok, who visited him sometimes, started to look shifty every time taehyung looked at him in anticipation.  and when jungkook was born, like the sun after a thunderstorm.
he thinks of the naive him believing that things could still work out despite everything stacked against them. thinks back to when he'd spent weeks in his grandparents' house, waiting for yoongi to contact him like a fool.
when someone had yet to make an attempt on his life, and later jungkook's. when yoongi was yet to get hoseok to drive him to his grandparents' farm in the countryside and away from his family.
when he was still in college, when he was still busy trying to finish essays on time and dealing with difficult classmates and professors. when his phone number and his photos were being circulated on campus like a punchline to a joke.
the before, before all of this. the before when they were still in daegu, when jungkook's existence wasn't still quite as real in taehyung's mind, when taehyung still didn't quite have an idea of what his life was to be in just a few months.
the pleasantness from earlier is slowly ebbing away and taehyung again thinks of the before.
taehyung exhales and drops his head back into the curve of yoongi's neck, pulling them back into the dance once he realises they'd stopped moving.  "it doesn't matter." he whispers into yoongi's skin. "not now anyway."  yoongi doesn't reply.
"still," yoongi says, his jaw set tight in stubbornness like each time they argue about something. "you shouldn't have to deal with—"  yoongi looks away and makes a vague gesture with his hands, "all of this, my family, everything that happened back then, and just– all of it."
"you couldn't have anticipated it." taehyung says, firm and deliberate as he holds yoongi's gaze. "besides, we were both drunk so the fault is as much my own as it is yours."
taehyung lifts his head and yanks yoongi in by the waist till their chests are pressed together, and yoongi meets his eyes in surprise.
yoongi raises his shoulder, slanting taehyung's head up, and gives him a sidelong look before looking away. there's something defeated in his voice when he speaks. "it kind of is."
yoongi's lips pull at a corner, a bitter self-deprecating smile.  "for— everything? i guess?"  taehyung huffs out a breath. "it's not your fault."
taehyung blinks his eyes back open and twists his head to look at yoongi.  "for what?" he asks.
he's squeezed his eyes shut, lost in his thoughts, that he almost misses yoongi's soft whisper against his ear.  "i'm sorry."
they remain silent after that. and taehyung lets himself have this for just a while.  it's comforting, just to be held. he feels a little guilty, to be taking advantage of jungkook's innocent request and yoongi's helpless acquiesce, but he can't bring himself to give it up.
the next song is slower and they sway where they stand.   "do you think he's still doing this because of what happened?" yoongi murmurs after some time.  "i don't know about that." taehyung doesn't look up when he speaks. "but he shouldn't have to be doing it in the first place."
he eases into yoongi's touch instead, and yoongi lets go of his hand to wrap both his arms around taehyung's neck, drawing him close enough that taehyung dips his forehead on yoongi's shoulder and places both of his palms on yoongi's waist.
the song comes to a close but surprisingly yoongi doesn't make a move to pull away. so taehyung doesn't either.
😺✏ — yes the past will be explained more in detail when they resolve their misunderstandings!!
that's all for today, frens, we've finally reached the conflict :)
"well aren't you? seeing someone else?" taehyung whispers, feels his body tremble with an irrational fear. except it's not that irrational because yoongi's eyes are on him and they're burning a deep red. and taehyung can't keep his frantic heart from thrashing against his chest.
"no wait— what the fuck? what do you mean i'm seeing someone else?"  before taehyung can take a step back, yoongi is in front of him. he grabs him by the wrist, eyes wide and grip tight enough to bruise.
"i know that you're probably seeing someone else which is fine." he stutters, takes a step back and is a moment away from fleeing the scene when yoongi's face completely changes.
"you don't have to pretend in front of me. i know. and it's fine– if you have someone else, it's fine."  "someone else?" yoongi interrupts, eyebrows furrowed.  taehyung feels all too aware of the audience they're gaining, and he wants nothing more than to run away.
he looks up at yoongi, sees the confusion and surprise on him till he can't, till the humiliation bleeds into his vision and paints it a bright red.
"taehyung" yoongi cuts him off gently. "you're not making any sense."  yoongi takes a step closer and reaches out to hold his hand as if to soothe him but taehyung pulls away and steps back, burnt.
"you don't have to pretend for my sake." he gasps shakily, and once he starts he can't seem to stop. "you don't have to pretend that– you can't help how you feel, or how you don't feel in this case, and it's yeah– i know you're only doing this for jungkook, which well fair—"
he can't say it, he shouldn't, but the words have claws and they're insistent and impatient.
he stares at the floor, feels a tightness in his chest and tries to breathe past his throat closing shut.  his fingers tremble and taehyung clenches them tight, feels the words tug at him like they have arms of their own as they try to crawl their way out of his throat.
look here!!
i know this fic! i love the author too, and i was waiting for it to be completed before i read it, but i guess i'll read it anyway since you suggested lol
whoever asks me for fic recs will get a link to it happened quiet, that's the law
😺✏ — here are some i really enjoyed!!         …
😺✏ — tae's measure of his self worth is worryingly low, which you can see in the way he doesn't get angry at yoongi, j…
😺✏ — koo is a chatterbox in front of tae and yoongi, he's still shy to talk to kids in his class that makes him an eas…
that it is 😌
😺✏ — he has some insecurities from the past that has him convinced that yoongi only sees him as a one night stand gone…
vamps & human food –   tae's gender –   kook's fangs –
kook's request –   ot7 dynamics –   jinmin's backstory –   why other vamps are curious about tae –
some extra info about the au that i've answered in the cc —
i just woke up, don't hound me like this
they happen to be my only thoughts as of now with this fic
yes you foul being, cleanse yourself and read this
yes cry, heathen, thou must repent by reading this eight times a week
that is the only morally permissible course of action
as you rightfully should
have you ever thought about yoongi getting railed, but like softly? with kisses and praises against his neck as taehyung presses his chest against the curve of yoongi's spine and calls him his sweetheart. no you didn't. you only think about yourself.
😂😂😂
yes that is my two year old son yoongo, everyone is invited to his birthday party :)    ( ⓛ ω ⓛ *)
it looks so pretty!!!
😺✏ — noo, like i said, i was frustrated at the general outlook, not at any person in particular. not everyone has same…
yess it's got such a sweet dynamic, it's lovely and may also be the muse behind all my arranged marriage fics lol
i was just rereading lost & found, my favorite hopekook fic, and also my favorite fic period, you guys should read it if you haven't :_:
thank you for this, i'm hopefully going to do this too sometime 😔
😺✏ — i was thinking about that too, there's no way i can post it all in one go so it would have to be posted in pieces…
😺✏ — tae has black hair, yoongi's is silver/gray :) for a visual reference, look here:
😺✏ — yoongi's eyes change color when he's feeling intense emotions, usually anger / lust / love / thirst (but since ta…
😺✏ — i understand and agree with most of everything you mentioned. things get lost and not everyone sees the stuff i w…
or if curiouscat's anonymity just gets rid of the barrier between author and reader completely. or if people just don't read, because i've received about eleven asks about tae's gender and i'm beginning to feel frustrated now
or if twitter gives more ways to engage with the author and people have as many questions on ao3 but just don't have a way to ask
i don't know if it's because twitter is a minimalist platform and doesn't tell the story in as much detail as ao3 does, or if it's because the story is still incomplete
haha... did i ghostwrite this...
the way i have to explain the entire plot in cc 😭 i'm never writing a thread fic again
😺✏ — only few people know of vampires, so no it's our good old friend homophobia, which is also the cause of kook's distress. his classmates…
you precious little asdffgyfjklll dont be so cute
don't be so cute. i have to sleep
so does this mean 6 other teasers bc i cannot
omg i thought i was the only one :ddd
my blog thats on hiatus has more followers than the one thats active....sad
sometimes u read some of ur prev works and ur like daaaaamn i wrote that?
these two..
"did you know?" he hears yoongi walk up to hoseok, his voice tight and frantic when he asks, "did you know that taehyung thought i was cheating on him?"
"kook-ah, look at me, baby." taehyung whispers, running a hand down jungkook's back. his heart constricts painfully tight when he feels his little body shake with another sob.
jungkook lets out another wet hiccup and taehyung feels like he's been slapped across his face. he pulls away from yoongi's hold urgently and stumbles forward till his knees hit the floor before jungkook.
taehyung whips his head to the side to see jimin cradling a crying jungkook in his arms, and he feels his heart come to a loud lurching stop.  jimin looks up and eyes them incredulously. "what are you two doing?" he hisses.
taehyung watches him with wide eyes, stunned for a moment.  yoongi looks frantic, he parts his lips to speak, to ask a question that never gets to be asked because a sharp sudden sting of a sob cuts past the silence between them.
the roar of his breaths is loud in his ears, and he doesn't hear yoongi behind him till his wrist is abruptly yanked back and he's forcefully twisted around.  "wait—" yoongi rasps, breathless. "just wait a damn minute."
the thought of facing their friends right now makes him hold his scream between his teeth. they'll all know, and the shame burns so bright behind his eyes, he wants to sink to the floor and curl and cry.
the stares sting like needles in his skin and taehyung shrinks into himself and fastens his pace.  he wants to leave, he wants to flee before the tears can escape.
"i'm gonna, i'm gonna go." his mouth is dry, the words a strangled whisper, and yoongi's grip around his wrist goes slack enough for taehyung to pull away.  he takes a staggering step back, then another before he grits his teeth and turns around, walking away on shaky legs.
and suddenly taehyung can't look at him, can't breathe past the knot of hot humiliation lodged in his throat.
"we've–  we've never even—" taehyung stutters out, he can finally see the shock and regret gradually trickling into the cracks of yoongi's face before it sits there, thick and cemented.
the doubt creeps into his thoughts like infection and suddenly taehyung is frantically looking into every crevice and trench in his memory, he couldn't have possibly been wrong, for months?
right?
yoongi had to be seeing someone else, it didn't make sense, taehyung never questioned it, but why does yoongi look so shocked, why, why, it couldn't possibly be a misunderstanding,  it couldn't be— no, right?
"you're barely home, you were gone for nights and—" taehyung's voice cracks, and he watches yoongi's eyes widen as if in horrid realisation, but taehyung doesn't understand.
"why wouldn't you be?" taehyung whispers helplessly, his lips tremble and his stomach twists unpleasantly. all of those nights, he had to be, why wouldn't he be?
"you have to be–" taehyung breathes, eyes fixed onto the dark crimson swirling in yoongi's irises. he wants to look away, to squeeze his eyes shut, but he can't. his eyelids are frozen stiff.
"and what gave you that idea?" yoongi growls.  he takes a step forward and taehyung feels breathless from the closeness, feels his knees threaten to give away, wants to pull away but knows that he can't, not with yoongi's fingers holding him tight and keeping him from escaping.
sir kim seokjin-ssi, are you looking to hire an art therapist for your 2 year old son?
i'm disgusting, i'm sorry 😔
at least the audience now knows yoongi isn't cheating lmao, i'd call it development 😌
fine, meet me at the rooftop 😔
yoongi hesitates, he looks like he wants to say something but seems to think better of it when his eyes flicker to the hall and its eyes then back to jungkook who seems to have exhausted himself with his crying.  he presses his lips tight and nods, stiff like he is loath to.
yoongi twists around to look at him, and taehyung crushes all unnecessary thoughts between his teeth and swallows them down his throat.  "we should put him to bed." he says, voice carefully flattened into neutrality.
and taehyung— he's had enough.  yoongi looks as if he's about to answer but taehyung walks up to him and taps him on the shoulder.
"how can i?" yoongi is hissing through gritted teeth, eyes narrowed at seokjin, when taehyung turns around. "when i'm the one who put him through this?"  "has he told you that? or did you just tell yourself that?" jimin interrupts from behind taehyung.
he feels a violent urge in him, it bubbles up in his throat like hysteria and sits right at the tip of his tongue and begs him to scream, to laugh, to dig his nails into yoongi's shoulder and shake him like a maniac.
"no i'm serious." seokjin is saying. "is it obvious? have you ever given any indication that you like to spend time with him? do you even spend time with him that doesn't involve jungkook in some manner?"  and suddenly taehyung doesn't want to hear any more.
"are you?" seokjin asks yoongi, his voice unexpectedly frigid.  "what, obviously not—"  "is it? obvious, i mean?" seokjin cuts him off.  taehyung lifts jungkook so his face is pressed against taehyung's shoulder as he murmurs assurances into his ear.
taehyung feels jimin's eyes snap towards him, disbelieving, but he can't look at him, can't look away from jungkook's trembling body.  taehyung coaxes jungkook to look at him and when he does, eyes wide and rimmed red, taehyung immediately pulls him into his arms and stands.
and if it wasn't clear already, taehyung in this au is trans, if you don't want to read smut with a trans character who hasn't undergone bottom surgery, don't read it.
and if i do see any minor interact with my stories, i'll be blocking you immediately.
because i'm going to be posting nsfw content on this account and i can't monitor everyone who interacts with my content, i'm going to request everyone below 18 to unfollow me immediately.   please be thoughtful about the content you consume.
i say last scene but it's probably longer than the gala one you just read 😭
yes that's the last scene!
😺✏ — hey i answer this here!
thank you!! i'm glad you like it!! :)
he lingers for a few moments, just watches him sleep, before he straightens then stands on aching knees. taehyung turns around to make his way out of the room and almost squeaks in surprise when he sees yoongi leaning against the doorframe.
"no" jungkook protests sleepily. "you have to–" he struggles. "you have to love daddy most."  "i do." taehyung whispers and strokes his hair till he feels jungkook's breathing even out.
"appa, i love you." jungkook murmurs drowsily, eyes closed.  "i love you even more, kiddo. the most." taehyung pecks the tip of his nose.
he is easy to put to bed though, yoongi has him brush his teeth and fangs and taehyung changes him into his nightsuit before they tuck him into bed and kiss him goodnight.
jungkook is half-asleep by the time they reach, dried tear tracks glistening on his face. and the sight sends a swell of guilt flooding taehyung's gut once again, threatening to drown him.
the ride back home is spent in uncomfortable silence, the shift between them undeniable now that taehyung had spat out the mangled bloody knot of insecurities festering in his chest for weeks. it lies at their feet, a wet lumpy thing that starts to smell but they both ignore it.
taehyung can't bring himself to part his lips, doesn't know if he can speak without screaming, so he just nods shakily and follows yoongi out of the hall.
they turn to leave but taehyung is gently pulled back by jimin's fingers on his bicep.  "talk to him." jimin says, a knowing look in his eyes. "not just for both of your sakes. but for jungkook's too."
i'm sorry, i'm just polishing a part of it 😭 this will be the longest update of all and will clear up like 90% of the conflict, but will probably leave you sadder lol. look forward to it?
lmaao most probably not, im not good at writing funny things, but maybe someone else could :_:
now just got to wait for someone to write it ...
or or, here me out :( imagine if lucifer is yoongi who is tired of seokjin (who mans the reception counter at heaven) sending all the hot guys to hell just to set him up with them
😺✏ — yes that is the biggest reason behind tae's negative outlook on their marriage :(   he really did believe things…
😺✏ — lmao no i don't think so? i originally did have some namseok tidbits sprinkled here and there but it felt as if i was forcefitting them into the plot so i deleted them. so no th…
kook & his uncles –   tae's self esteem issues –   yoongi's eyes changing color –   the timeline from tae's pov –
😺✏ — tae & jimin became friends in their freshman year. taehyung got pregnant in his final year when he and jimin went…
yoongi turns to look at him. "perhaps i should've been honest with you from the beginning, but i can't get rid of the idea that i have to take care of you. i didn't want to worry you, wanted to take care of it myself.
"i didn't want you to find out, definitely not like this. but the reason i spent nights out was not because–" he winces, "it wasn't because i was cheating on you or anything like that."
"i didn't think that you'd want to?" he murmurs. "especially when i—" he cuts himself off and sighs, letting go of taehyung's arm.  yoongi leans back into the couch, rubbing a palm over his face.
"i'm sorry." he says, with more emphasis. "i'm sorry that i gave you reason to believe that i didn't enjoy spending time with you." but just as immediately as it came, the harshness melts, the confidence seeps out and is replaced by something more soft and hesitant.
when taehyung doesn't reply, yoongi's fingers curl tight around his arm and twist him around abruptly, forcing him to meet his eyes.  yoongi's face is hard, his gaze sincere.
and taehyung laughs. it's bitter, and he catches yoongi's surprise from the corner of his eye.  "what?" yoongi asks, defensive.  "you shouldn't joke about that. it's not– it's a bad joke."  "i'm not joking either."
taehyung can't see the expression that flashes across yoongi's face. there's a pause, then—  "i'm not pretending." yoongi says.
"have to pretend." taehyung looks away and bites his lip, his voice a whisper when he speaks next. "that you want to spend time with me. like i said, it's fine."
"you don't have to." taehyung cuts in immediately, as if on reflex.   yoongi looks at him and raises an eyebrow.  "have to what? spend time with you?"
he crosses his arms and turns to face taehyung properly.  "i'm sorry." he says as well. "i didn't think what it would seem like to you. i– i'll spend more time with jungkook." yoongi's eyes briefly dart away before they're back on him. a faint flush crawls up his face. "and you."
"i just assumed that to be the case, because it seemed like the most obvious explanation? to me?" taehyung tries.  yoongi waits like he expects taehyung to expand but when he realises he isn't going to, yoongi sighs and leans back into the couch.
"it's just– i just don't see why you wouldn't?" when he chances a glance at him, yoongi has his brows knitted in confusion like he doesn't understand. "we don't really– we haven't–"   he can't say it.
it's been too long, since he's had to explain. to someone other than himself. taehyung clenches his fists, looks away again to gather his thoughts.
"i'm sorry." he says decisively and looks up to see yoongi blink in surprise like he hadn't expected an apology. "i assumed something i shouldn't have. i don't– it's not that i don't trust you. it's–"
"okay," he says and nods, but that's not it. taehyung curls his fingers into the fabric of his jacket.
there's a brief moment of dissonance where taehyung looks away, stares at his hands in his lap, feels a hurricane of thoughts in his head but can't seem to grab a single one of them.
yoongi doesn't seem to be faring much better. taehyung watches him push his hair off his forehead before he sighs and his shoulders sag forward.  "i'm not seeing anyone." yoongi says, he sounds drained and when he meets taehyung's gaze, taehyung can't spot a drip of dishonesty.
they take it to the couch in the living room, and there's really no saving the awkwardness. it's tense and entirely uncomfortable, but taehyung grits his teeth then turns to look at yoongi expectantly.
he doesn't want to talk, it's very much the last thing he wants to do, but it's not something they can avoid much longer so taehyung clenches his jaw, darts his gaze to the ground before he exhales and nods.
"can we talk?" yoongi murmurs, soft, and it's not the first time that taehyung has seen him look so hesitant, but it's rare anyway.  taehyung closes the door to jungkook's bedroom behind him, then leans against it as he watches yoongi.
"tae—" yoongi starts but taehyung feels too full.  "you left me." he says, more air than voice. he doesn't look at yoongi, he can't. his heart thrashes in his chest with a violent frantic desperation.
"you don't get to filter information as you please, if it involves me. i just wish–" the anger leaves him as soon as it came, and taehyung feels his body sag. "i just wish you'd stop leaving me behind like i'm a burden to you."
"i am here despite everything, i am here, i exist, you don't just get to relegate me to the status of your furniture whenever you want to 'protect' me." taehyung makes quotations in the air at the word, showing his disdain for it.
"i don't care if your family is a bunch of psychotic overbearing bloodsuckers with rods far up their asses, i just wish you'd stop– fucking– acting like i'm made of glass." his chest heaves, and taehyung breathes through something sharp and jagged.
"so you thought the best way to deal with that was to leave me all alone, in the dark, not tell me shit and just—"  taehyung takes in a breath, he feels like water is rushing into his lungs.
"i—"  "you feel guilty? for that?" taehyung snaps, sees his hands tremble in his lap.  yoongi blinks at him, wide-eyed, but taehyung can't stop.
he parts his lips, there is so much he wants to say, so much he wants to tell, words are climbing and slashing at him from the inside, fighting their way out, but all that slips past is lips is a choked strained whisper.  "you fucking dumbass." he says, voice wet and heavy.
he falls silent after his apology but it sits loud in taehyung's ears and stings.
"i should've told you, i know. but i can't help but feel that i'm the reason you're caught up in all of this when you have nothing to do with it. i wanted to protect you from from it all, but i only ended up hurting you even more. i— i'm sorry."
"it's also why we had them see you and jungkook for themselves and realise how silly and paranoid my family's been acting, trying to create controversy for no reason other than the fact that it hurt their pride when i chose you over them." yoongi says, eyes turning a darker red.
"that's why seokjin and i decided to have this showy gala." yoongi continues. "can't keep hiding like this, so we've been trying to gain support amongst vampires in the city like us.
and suddenly, he feels ashamed of what he'd assumed about him.  he bites the inside of his cheek and digs nails into his palms. he'd never thought. he'd been so caught up in himself.
taehyung looks at him with wide eyes, and suddenly remembers how disheveled yoongi had looked in the morning when he returned home. how pale he looked, how strange he behaved in the next few days, how he insisted on driving taehyung everywhere.
"but earlier this week, one of them got too close, by guess or deduction i don't know, and i had to deal with him myself, so—"
he's heard of bloodhounds, only once before, when one had trashed his entire room, broken his bed into splinters and ripped the floorboards from the ground like a promise, like he intended to do that to taehyung too.
taehyung blinks at the unexpected information, out of everything he hadn't expected to hear that.
"vampires trained to track scents," he explains, "they've been dispatching them all over the country to track us down. i've been dealing with that, trying to lead them away, having them killed in specific scattered areas so they can't pinpoint our location."
yoongi slides his palms off his face and twists his head to look at taehyung, his eyes red.  "they've been releasing bloodhounds." he says.
"it's not even about you or jungkook anymore. i'm pretty sure they know by now that jungkook is harmless, it's just an ego thing. to show me that they still have control over me, that they can control me by harming you."
"a few months back, i found out that my family has been talking to other covens, has been trying to get them on their side." he sounds tired, hides his face in his palms.
and that's all for today! i hope this update clears up what the cause of the conflict has been all these years, there's still some of it left that i'll hopefully resolve soon enough
"did you really not know?" he stutters out the words, lips trembling around the shape of them. "did you not know that you left me when i needed you the most?"
it's comical how fast yoongi's head whips to look at him, eyes wider than taehyung's ever seen on him.  "but you left me." taehyung gasps out, his voice cracks.
"for one whole year. you left me alone for a year."  he feels fingers around his throat, everything in his body trying to keep him from speaking any more.  "i was in love with you, you fucking asshole."
lol you'll find out tomorrow anyway :)
i'm suddenly scared what i had planned in his defense might not end up... defending him lol
lmaao i love your energy
😂😂😂😂
inhale...exhale
updated bc i have more time on my hands than i probably should
om g a new taegiseok fic and omg its my favourite author what did i ever do to deserve this asdfjhll ill forever love u and ur first child
wahhh cuties i ship u, i hope it goes well for you :333
its not going to be anonymous tho, right?
nooo ur cute im sure she'll like it~~ (and letters are the cutest thing ever asdgfg)
omg that's so cute
words of wisdom
if that aint all of us
does every taegi shipper ship yoonseok as well like is it a package deal or wat,,,
pr ea ch
ur cuteness is hazardous to my health
:)
they have gentle sex!! i write nothing but
they will they will 😔 im just poking bears
yes i'm extremely trustworthy
😔 ok
i wonder if anyone changed their mind about taegi's coitus after this update lol. should i hold another poll...
no this update is really soft!!
ladies and gays 😂😂😂 yes thank u
thank you!!! 😭😭 i love your fics so this means a lot
mayhaps i should steal... i wanted a mango looking yoongi in my icon but yours looks more mangoy than mine
yes that is yellow yoongi my favourite kind of yoongi
i am sorry 😭 i am just causing trouble because i'm bored
lmao don't worry they'll be fine
believe me i tried my hand at plotting the fic and ended up weeping into my google doc
but this level of angst is beyond me lol
if my examiners want to read 100k of anal sex who am i to deny them
yes mission damn well accomplished
he's just a silly little bat who's trying to do his best, please love him
there's also the bit that he's a vampire who isn't familiar with human psyche all that much, at least not before marrying tae, and isn't used to taking care of them. he also doesn't know shit about pregnancies, so he's a little ignorant in that area as well.
yoongi's family has been. there's no real vampire violence so yoongi's side of the story feels rather insubstantial and doesn't seem to hold as much weight as tae's. his struggles exist but it's harder to feel emotionally attached to him.
i want to point out several points in favor of yoongi's defense in the loveless marriage au, it's harder to sympathize with him because the story is told from tae's pov, which is not only riddled with biases and insecurities, but also gives no actual account of how horrible +
lmaao i laughed out loud at this. i'm sorry, i was trying to make it sound organic? like in real conversations we don't really speak everything out in perfect sentences, we cut each other off, don't finish our sentences, so i was trying to simulate that?
i'm not going to be updating today :(
bts albums as taegi fics i like —
😺✏ — he did leave tae alone but he too was doing what he believed was right, he has his own share of insecurities and…
i'll try to shed some light on his side of the story in the next update but it's hard to completely convey emotions through just dialogue
yeah he's just a misunderstood little bat with misgivings and doubts and insecurities of his own :( he's trying his best though!
because he is. he's the sweetest and the most caring vamp, he's just misunderstood :(
lolol don't worry they stumble their way to the end somehow, and kook is the biggest taegi stan, you can trust him with them
"you have to know that i didn't want to leave you." yoongi says, the edge to his voice frantic.
"i didn't want to." yoongi murmurs and he shifts closer.  taehyung doesn't realize he's crying, not until yoongi's fingers cup his face and the gentle pads of his thumbs wipe the wet off his cheeks.
"i—" yoongi starts, and taehyung watches the devastation mar his face. "fuck"  there's an ache in his body, in his lungs, in the way taehyung slumps against the couch, weary like the words left him hollow and a sharp knock of a knuckle could crack him open.
thank you 🥺
😺✏ — nope :) they both believe their feelings were & still remain unrequited
:)
taehyung grabs the lapels of his jacket, pulling him close enough that he feels yoongi's breaths on his lips.  "i said, kiss me, you dimwitted motherfucker–"
yoongi stutters to a stop, eyes wide when he resurfaces from taehyung's neck.  "what?"
"i'm sorry i made you feel like that. i just never imagined you'd wanted me there– i thought you'd have wanted nothing to do with me. and that all i could do was keep my distance and still keep you safe but–"  "kiss me"
"i'm not the best– hell i'm far from it, i'm not good at communicating these things, but please, i never want to give you reason to think that you are an obligation or a burden to me." he insists.
and after a long moment of silence, yoongi sighs and curls and drops his head on taehyung's shoulder in defeat.  "you are the best thing that's ever happened to me." he murmurs, hiding his face in the curve of taehyung's neck.
"what?"  "what happened was not your fault. what your family did is not your fault. you are not them."  he tilts his chin up, holds yoongi's wrists and meets yoongi's stare, daring him to refute.
"not because of you." taehyung interrupts past numb lips.
"i love you. i didn't want to leave you." he pleads. "i was doing what i thought was right. i know now, that i should've told you. i was just– i felt like i'd ruined your life. you almost died, because of me, i never wanted that to ever happen again. i—"
and taehyung stills. feels himself grow so horrifyingly stiff under yoongi's touch, feels the thin sheet of ice groan and give away and submerge him up to his throat in ice cold water. yoongi holds onto him desperately.
"i love you." he says, cupping his face in his palms.
"you're not–" yoongi's grip on his waist tightens, "taehyung, you're not, do you not know—"   yoongi swears and pulls away, forcing taehyung to meet his eyes.
"i just wish you'd told me." he finally whispers into yoongi's neck, choked and wet. "i don't blame you, i just don't want to feel like a burden, or an obligation or—"
and taehyung breathes, feels the frantic flutter of his lungs and grips yoongi's shoulders tight, digs blunt nails into them to hold on like he's standing on thin ice, about to drown and sink under the weight of his own despair.
"i couldn't let them find you so i had to stay away. i only came back when i knew i could take you somewhere safer. but fuck– if i knew, i'm sorry. i didn't want to, please, you have to know that i only did it because i had to."  yoongi falls into a helpless silence.
he shifts closer and winds his arms around taehyung's waist, pulling him to his chest. and taehyung presses his face into yoongi's neck as he sobs.
taehyung gasps for air then grits his teeth as his chest heaves and he pulls at yoongi, fists his fingers into his shirt, and yoongi understands.
"they were searching for you, and they were keeping an eye on me. i couldn't lead them to you– i couldn't, so i had hoseok– i– fuck, i'm so sorry."
taehyung shuts his eyes, squeezes them tight as he tries to find his breath. but his body won't stop trembling, the tears won't stop spilling.
"i didn't want to leave you, but it was the only way i could keep you and jungkook safe." yoongi is saying, his palms caress his cheeks, his touch hesitant like he isn't sure if he is allowed to.
his eyes are wide, desperate but not dishonest. and taehyung feels worn, feels as if these four years have steadily been picking him apart and now he's left skinned, raw and vulnerable. feels as if he'll burn just from the touch of yoongi's gaze on him.
it is the only valid oral address
please love yoongi, he's a silly boy who was too insecure and too guilty and he's not the only flawed one, tae is also flawed, neither of them are prince charming, they're real people with real problems of miscommunication and doubts and insecurities, and cannot read minds
and that's all!! i was really tempted to stop at the dimwitted motherfucker but i think the confessions have been long overdue :)
taehyung leans in and presses their lips together once again, smiling.  "i never stopped." he murmurs against yoongi's mouth, before tangling his fingers into yoongi's hair and pulling him even closer.
"i love you too." taehyung whispers.  yoongi's eyes grow impossibly wide.  "you– do?" he asks haltingly, like he doesn't believe him.
yoongi closes the distance between them, cutting him off. and they kiss for a long still moment, a chaste press of lips, before yoongi pulls away.  taehyung flutters his eyes open and meets yoongi's lidded gaze.
ngl i was cringing while writing it
it was a one night stand! tae is referring to his previous statement where he said that he was in love with yoongi in the past
😺✏ — we're technically at the last scene but it's sex and it's going to be pretty long. the fic is almost 500 tweets now, the sex would probably be more t…
i would if it was written 😭 but i also wanted to stop here because the next updates are going to be nsfw
sweet dreams!! :d
he's a 700 year old vampire who is not familiar with human traits, who has his share of misgivings and insecurities. he's not an archetype born from toxic heterodynamics. they're two separate things.
wait whoever thinks my silly bat yoongi is the ao3 yoongi, i'd like to have a word with you
don't worry, fortunately for you, and unfortunately for me, the au is far from ending :) the sex will take... time
should i pin this
yoongi has black hair i can die in peace
i'll probably jump off somwhere
i dont know how to equally distribute my excitement b/w monstax and bts
not necessary tae
going to retweet this till i die
some ppl want to watch the world burn
(ok i should probably stop now but u asked for it)
lolol
😺✏ — i can't possibly post it all at once, so yeah it'll be posted in pieces. i'll try to make them bigger, but that means the updates will be slower. smut is…
give me an answer!! i have to join my new workplace in 2 days 😭
no no i meant that i wished to end today's update with that tweet, there's still a huge chunk of the fic (sex) left
thank you!! i was wondering if i was making tae curse a lot for someone who has a kid lol but im glad you like it!!
im curious :(
lmao pick any! or pick loveless au bc i picked the other, you can balance me out lol
just pick whichever fic you felt was better subjectively!
thank you!!
im just curious! pick whichever you felt was better in terms of plot
just pick the one you felt had a more interesting plot! as i said there's really no purpose to it, im just curious
just pick whichever you feel was more captivating/interesting, doesn't mean you hate the other lol. im just curious
your silence is my favourite sound (arranged marriage au) —    make it right (loveless marriage au) —
there's no real purpose to this, both the fics are incomplete anyway, but please indulge me and tell me which one of them you enjoyed more
😺✏ — nooooooooooooo im just dumb. no no yoongi has nothing of that sort
stop outing me like this, was this when we went for bring the soul?
oooh i'll check that out thank you!!
😭😭😭😭 thank you!!!! this is my fifth attempt at writing a proper reply because i can't articulate a damn thought
holy shit it's so pretyy
taegi in real life      o    / | \            o        |             / | \     / \               |    /   \           / \   /     \         /   \  taegi in taegi fics      o     /|\    / | \        |        |     / \    /   \   /     \        읏
i can't imagine how stressful it must be :( please stay safe!! i hope it all passes soon. if there's anything i can do to cheer you up even a little, please let me know :(
i literally just typed this then opened twitter to take a break
yes! but unfortunately for taegi it'll be even worse of a timing lol
no he interrupts when they're in the bedroom, i don't want baby koo to see anything :(
it doesn’t take long before the kiss turns more heated, more desperate. yoongi licks across the seam of his lips, and taehyung can’t keep quiet, can't quite keep the soft sounds from spilling out of his mouth only for yoongi to smile and swallow them down.
yoongi makes a sound low in his throat and splays his fingers wide on taehyung’s back, pulling him closer, and taehyung moans quietly, arches and curves into yoongi’s firm chest.
taehyung slowly coaxes yoongi’s stiffness out of him, pushes himself closer and skims his fingers round the curve of his neck to cup his face in his palms, tilting it to the side and deepening the kiss.
the kiss is gentle, a little hesitant but sweet, and taehyung melts into the tender heat of it.  he can feel the deliberate respectful distance yoongi tries to keep and it’s — nice. it makes him feel a kind of giddy he hasn’t felt in a while.
warnings: nsfw content  cunnilingus, vaginal sex, biting, blood drinking, brief consensual relinquishment of body control
😺✏ — yes im working on the update, the updates are a little slow because of how hectic my days have been and because smut is really difficult for me to write since i…
i must tell you that tae's lashes will be the cause of my untimely death
it wouldn't be included in the fic, but in my head, taegi pass the crown to hoseok & jimin's kid. and namkook ask seokjin to be a surrogate.
this is the most adorable thing i've seen!!!!
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
for those who've read my kumiho taegi fic:  even though yoongi undefined when yoongi dies, the tree will grow where he's buried and bear its fruit again
?!???
yoongi's mouth snaps shut, and taehyung watches his eyes grow wider, a flush creeping up his neck to splatter across his cheeks.  "you want that?" yoongi asks, disbelievingly.
yoongi looks confused, he parts his lips to speak but taehyung cuts him off.  "from my throat." he adds, admits.
"i just fed from you last week." yoongi says, eyebrows furrowed in confusion.  "no– not like that," taehyung shrinks into himself just a little, his eyes dart away for a second before he looks back at yoongi. "i want you to drink from me." he repeats.
"what if you want what?" yoongi asks, voice low and gravelly and lips slick red.  taehyung hesitates, bites his lip, looks away then forces himself to meet yoongi's gaze.  "what if i want you to drink from me?" he mumbles shyly.
"what if—" taehyung unfurls his arms from where they were wound around yoongi's neck and places his palms on yoongi's chest, gently pushing him away. "what if i want it?"
"why not?"  "it makes me thirsty." yoongi says before bending down to kiss him again.
"darling," yoongi murmurs, pulling away just a little. "don't do that."  taehyung colors at the endearment. yoongi uses it sparingly, usually when he's drunk or high off feeding. he realises belatedly what yoongi means.
taehyung closes his eyes and sighs, parting his lips to let yoongi lick into the wet inside of his mouth. he traces his own tongue along the edge of yoongi's fangs, feeling a shiver surge down the length of his spine in a trail of goosebumps.
"fucking– get on with it then." taehyung whispers, just barely catching yoongi's fond grin before he looks away, face hot and heart pounding loud in his chest.  he hears yoongi laugh before he feels him lean down to capture his mouth in another kiss, deep, slow, and unhurried.
"cute" yoongi snickers when he pulls away, and his gaze falls on his mouth next.  "and these lips, infuriating," yoongi's eyes meet his own. "i wanted to kiss you every damn day." he mutters.
"this jawline, fucking offensive," yoongi continues as he noses along the line of his jaw, "these big ass ears," he flicks his earring with his tongue and taehyung's entire face is flushed red.
"these big eyes," yoongi says then presses a kiss to the corner of his eye, short and sweet. "this nose, these cheeks," he swoops down and pecks his nose then both his cheeks.  taehyung feels heat bloom under his skin, woken by the touch of yoongi's gentle mouth.
taehyung feels his breath catch at the look in yoongi's eyes, the way yoongi gazes at him like he's helplessly endeared.
yoongi nips and sucks a bruise into the skin, and taehyung whines then tugs at his hair to pull him up, and yoongi finally relents.  "you're annoying, kim taehyung." yoongi says, voice rough, as he pushes himself up on his elbows. "have you ever looked at yourself?"
yoongi hums, taehyung feels him smile against his skin.  "i believe that between the two of us, that should definitely be my line."
"what were you saying?" he asks teasingly in between kisses.  "you— fuck" taehyung's mouth falls open when yoongi replaces his damp lips with a wet swipe of his tongue. "you're annoying." he gasps.
“don't sound like—” taehyung starts but breaks off into a gasp when yoongi presses a kiss below his ear.  yoongi drags his lips and presses sweet fleeting kisses along his jaw, his chin before he settles into the dip of  his neck.
“stop laughing at me.” taehyung mutters then slams a knee against his thigh when he doesn’t.  “ouch, okay, okay.” yoongi relents, laughter in his voice, and shifts to peck him on the lips as an apology. “i’m sorry.” he says, failing to contain his smile.
the fall isn't quite graceful, the buckle of yoongi's belt digs painfully into his ribs and taehyung hisses.  yoongi breaks the kiss to laugh into his neck.
yoongi’s palms sweep up his sides and slide the suit jacket off his shoulders.  taehyung is quick to assist him, he sheds the jacket and wraps his arms tight around yoongi’s neck before pulling him down with enough force to have them both falling back into the couch.
yes i was just struggling with one phrase, gimme a minute
yes
he interrupts yoongi before he can speak.  "and i know it's stupid. i'm married to you, and i know you aren't seeing someone else, it's just—"
"then why?"  "it—" taehyung hesitates, he looks down and runs his palms over yoongi's black shirt. "it makes me feel good. wanted, i guess." he whispers, abashed. "that i'm yours."
"i'm serious." he pants when they part for breath. "i want it."  "i'll hurt you." yoongi murmurs. the intensity of his gaze makes taehyung's stomach swoop. he has to blink to escape it.  "i know." taehyung mumbles.
yoongi glares at him playfully, and pinches him when taehyung laughs.  taehyung squeaks and giggles, quietening only when yoongi silences him with a kiss.
"i never thought you'd want it." yoongi breathes.  "you never really thought much in the first place, yoongi-ssi." taehyung teases, glancing back at him.  "fuck off."
"i've wanted it for so long." taehyung whispers, feels his own face heating up and looks away. "but you never, you never seemed to want it. i had to force you to drink, from my wrist too."
i swear they'll get to the bedroom soon, i'm sorry
sorry i was struggling with a few sentences towards the end so it took a while. but that's the end of the update! it finally resolves the conflict and all the misgivings that led up to it
"no, this is enough." taehyung feels overwhelmed, feels so entirely full, like all his feelings are brimming over and soaking him wet.   he wraps his arms around yoongi and pulls him down, smiling against his lips as he speaks. "this is more than enough."
"you still felt that because of me." yoongi shifts and kisses him softly. "let me fix it. how can i fix it?"
"it's not your fault." his voice comes out thick and wet. "i, too, was quick to push the blame on you. i didn't even consider that you might be going through a difficult time as well."
"i'm sorry." yoongi murmurs, then gently pulls taehyung's arms off his face. "i'm sorry i ever made you believe that there was ever a time i didn't desire you."
"i now know why, but at that time i was convinced that you, too, got tired of me. that's probably why i was so quick to assume that you found someone else, that you only put up with me because of jungkook—"
"but then, you know what happened. and you left as well—" yoongi's hold on him tightens.
"i was so happy." he chokes out.  taehyung feels yoongi wrap his arms around him. it makes him smile despite the stone climbing up his throat.
he can't see what expression yoongi is wearing, resolutely hiding behind his cover.   "people slept with me, but noone ever wanted anything more. and i was sure you'd leave me too once i told you that i wanted to keep jungkook. but you didn't and—" taehyung feels his voice crack.
taehyung lets his head fall back and crosses his arms over his eyes, feeling a lot more vulnerable with yoongi's eyes on him.  "there was a time in college. you could say that i had a reputation?" taehyung mumbles. "that i was um — 'easy'?"
yes i believe you :)
ah okay, then it makes sense :)
i want to 😭 maybe after the million other wips ive yet to finish
after my 9865433 wips, yeah sure :)
i could guess that you'd like this one :)
i have too many fics to finish before i can get to this 😭😭
i actually do want to explore it so i may write it!!
ex-husbands taegi stuck in an elevator during a zombie apocalypse, knowing they don't have much longer to live— not with the gaping bite on taehyung's bicep, not with yoongi refusing to kill him, forced to have an honest conversation in the last eleven minutes of their lives
thank you!!!! 😭 im glad that you're enjoying it!!
lmaao
ahh thank u!!! screw college, i gotta read this
omg can u please share the link??
so if i write a taegi inspired by grave of the fireflies how much would u hate me
the real question
ok but why is there phineas and ferb in my feed
i feel ashamed to call myself an art student
im gonna bomb him
wahhh prettyyy
it's beautiful shut up
this is so pretty im crying 😭
i hope you enjoy it!! :)
thank you so much!!
that's okay, im sorry if i came across a bit blunt. im just sensitive about this particular detail in the story. im glad you're enjoying the story though!
tae is trans, and he has a vagina
don't read it then
how dare i indeed 😔
i really do want to explore dialogue that precedes death, but yeah i have a lot of stuff to finish before i can get to this 😔
:):):)
is there even a doubt, dude is from the precambrian era
i was rereading your silence and i'm surprised that i don't hate it, at least not all of it, these are some of my favourite bits of the fic
referring to a character as "the black haired" / "the older male" instead of using names. and for some reason "their tongues battled for dominance" really makes me cringe. and anything making a magical appearance in bed without prior discussion
i looked at the plot and it does seem that tae is hannibal. he's a psychiatrist in the fic too. but i don't think i can watch the show though, i can't watch heavy themes like these :(
ok i'll stop you right here, i haven't watched hannibal and i was thinking that the killer is an oc but now i'm fucked. no. no no no
yes!! and it's really good!!!
read this
😺✏ — i've read it!! it's one of my favourite taegi fics! and one of my favourite authors too! you should read their ot…
i'm sorry for the slow updates :( but i promise to make them long to make them worth the wait! but thank you i'm glad you're enjoying it!!
death note au 😔
"kim taehyung | v/min yoongi | suga sort by: date posted descending" pspspspspspsps
"stop looking so alarmed." he mutters, kicking the door to their room open before he walks up to the bed and drops him into it.
taehyung watches with wide eyes, instantly hooking his arms around yoongi's neck out of reflex, as yoongi hauls him up to his chest and then proceeds to carry him to their bedroom.
he entirely expects the scoff and the eyeroll. what he doesn't expect is for yoongi to take a step towards him, to bend down and dig one arm under his knees and wrap the other around his shoulders.
yoongi twists around to look at him when he doesn't make a move, an eyebrow raised in question.   taehyung grins and lets his head fall back as he jokingly holds his arms out and makes grabby hands, asking to be carried.
taehyung wants to follow him and he would if his limbs didn't weigh like lead, sunk into the couch like a puppet awaiting the pull on his strings.
it rings sharp and loud in the silent room, and taehyung flushes deep red when yoongi pulls away and leans down to press a kiss right below his ear.  "bedroom" he murmurs, leaving no room for a question as he begins to pick himself off the couch.
he gasps, lips parting out of surprise when he feels the hot press of yoongi's bulge against him.  yoongi rolls his hips down, pressing their lower bodies together tight, and taehyung can't help the whine that escapes him.
he shivers when yoongi licks up along the roof of his mouth, a sudden surge of pleasure flooding his stomach before it seeps down low in his abdomen and taehyung's hips buck up out of instinct.
taehyung draws yoongi back into a kiss and closes his eyes, losing himself to the warmth of yoongi's mouth on his own, to the slow circles of his thumb against taehyung's hip.
lmao thank you?
thank you!! at this point i'm just fitting in marriages everywhere lol, it's my brand now
the music omygod why is this so funny and cute
& with him come a butler, a servant, a stable cleaner, a chauffer and a cook.  except they don't know how many others like them yoongi's had approach him, they don't know about the bunker yoongi has built under his house where his previous suitors live and rot and pray for death.
parasite x handmaiden au  a rich orphaned heir yoongi who's to receive his uncle's inheritance when he turns 25, and a pretend viscount taehyung who arrives to court and marry him, with a plan to throw him into a mental asylum later and gain his money.
i haven't watched the show :(:(:( but i'll definitely check it out!!
yes im almost done with it, and hopefully i'll be able to finish it tomorrow and post it :)
loveless au update tomorrow maybe?? haha jk.....unless ಠ∀ಠ
im the styrofoam
and—
"can i?" he hears yoongi ask, and slides his arms off his face to meet yoongi's eyes.  yoongi is kneeling, thighs on either side of taehyung's hips, his palms around the curve of taehyung's waist and the bulge of his cock evident in his pants, waiting for taehyung's response.
yoongi licks at the stripe of skin just above his belt and taehyung feels his fingers graze the buckle of it.  yoongi makes no move to undo it but his touch is hot, is heavy, and taehyung feels himself losing his breath.
taehyung releases yoongi's hair in favor of covering his eyes inside the crook of his elbow, pressing the back of his other hand against his mouth to muffle the little mewls that spill out of him.
taehyung keens out yoongi's name, pulls at his hair, begs, and yoongi eventually stops. he gives the reddened nub one last lick, murmurs "pretty" before moving further down, whispering compliments into every curve and crevice of his body like he wants to press them into his skin.
the pleasure is too intense, a lick of fire lighting him up whole and scorching down to between his legs in a hot wailing need. but yoongi is relentless, he doesn't stop as he sucks and licks and then lightly tugs at the bud between his teeth.
yoongi holds him down by the hips as he sucks, and taehyung throws his head back and bites down on his lip to keep from making a sound.
taehyung sucks in a sharp breath, he flutters his eyes open and catches the way yoongi watches him as he sinks down again to close his lips around the bud.  and taehyung can't control the whimper that leaves him, can't control the way his hips kick up at the sensation.
taehyung squeezes his eyes shut, trying to contain the way his body threatens to tremble at yoongi's words, at his touch. he misses when yoongi leans down to lick at his nipple.
wait no it's a bad kind of chill omg
yoongi parts the shirt to reveal taehyung's chest, and taehyung holds his breath as yoongi's fingers skim across his skin, leaving a streak of goosebumps in their wake.  "you're gorgeous." yoongi whispers.
taehyung takes in harsh breaths, and looks up at the ceiling to will the frantic pace of his heart. yoongi has seen him shirtless a countless number of times, this shouldn't feel any different.
yoongi reaches up to press a kiss to his chin before he's running his palms across taehyung's chest and unbuttoning his shirt.
yoongi stops when he reaches the collar of taehyung's shirt, briefly glancing up at him with dark blown eyes, and taehyung pauses to draw in a breath before he nods.
taehyung releases his hold on yoongi's hair and lets his palms run down yoongi's stiff back, soothing him like he would an agitated horse.   and he feels yoongi relax, feels the tension gradually seep out of his taut shoulders as taehyung murmurs soft praises into his ear.
but yoongi is nothing but gentle, and taehyung can feel his delicate dedication, his tender touch that doesn't reveal how tight the muscles in his back are locked in restraint.
yoongi groans, and taehyung feels the fleeting cold touch of his fangs hidden behind his teeth as yoongi nips red roses into taehyung's skin. it sends a chill down his body, to know how easy it would be for yoongi to rip his throat open and drink him dry.
taehyung makes a noise of discontent when yoongi pulls away and drags his lips to leave a trail of kisses down his chin, along the slant of his jaw then into the dip of his neck. he tangles his fingers in yoongi's hair and tilts his head back, exposing more of his throat to him.
"you must be very motivated," he teases, then coos, "my big bad bloodsucking—"  he's silenced when yoongi leans down to smear their lips together.  "please stop talking." he mutters, pushing taehyung into the mattress as he climbs up on the bed and hovers over him.
taehyung scoffs, surprise wearing away into amusement.  "you complain each time you give piggybacks to kook." he points out while yoongi sheds his jacket and tie.
taehyung bites his lip. he plays with yoongi's fingers splayed on his hip as he tries to dissect the feeling stirring low in his stomach, to untangle it and know whether it is discomfort or distress or something else.
"you— want to?" taehyung asks, unsure.  yoongi shifts so he's fully pressed to taehyung's side, an arm thrown around his waist and his nose buried in taehyung's neck.  "i do. if you want me to, i do." he says, voice muffled.
"can i eat you out?" he asks when he pulls away.  "what?" taehyung stutters, blinking in surprise.  "wanna eat you out." yoongi says, pressing a kiss to the mole on his nose.
yoongi hums like he understands and kisses him again, and taehyung loses himself to the gentle coaxing of his mouth. he sighs and feels himself sink into the mattress.  yoongi breaks the kiss and pecks his cupid's bow.
he cups his cheek and bends down to kiss him. it is gentler, less heated and more soothing, and taehyung finds comfort in its familiarity.  "i want it." taehyung says when they part. "it's just— it's just been a while."
"of course." yoongi squeezes their hands. "anything."  "kiss me." taehyung requests and like he knew he would, yoongi obliges.
they've had sex before, but that's the thing, it's— it's been too long that it feels like their first time all over again.  "i know. i want to—" taehyung whispers, then takes a shaky breath, "just give me a minute."
it's stupid, taehyung knows it's stupid, but it's just—  it's easier to believe all of that with clothes on. when he isn't so exposed and so entirely transparent in all of his insufficiency. and sex, sex with yoongi, there isn't a person he wants to do this more with.
moreover, it's yoongi, yoongi who has never cared, who didn't care on their first night and didn't care in the five years after it.
it doesn't matter. he's a man, he shouldn't have to prove it to anybody, he doesn't owe anyone evidence or a surgery, what other people think shouldn't cause him distress. he knows that.
"we don't have to do anything." yoongi says, then pecks his cheek and brushes a strand of hair from his eye.  taehyung catches the hand by the wrist and entwines their fingers together.
yoongi retreats his hand when taehyung doesn't reply. he swings his leg off him so he's no longer hovering over taehyung and crawls up the bed till he's lying beside him instead.
and after jungkook— all of this, it all stopped mattering.
and taehyung wants— he wants to be more than his body. he doesn't hate it. it is hard to hate his body when it is what gave him jungkook.   and the thing about being a parent, taehyung had realised, the thing is that you give up everything for your child.
it's the way others look at him that pricks him, that brands him and leaves streaks of blisters across his skin.  it's the way they look at his body and decide that he is not a man.
but none of that causes him to feel any greater anguish than most other people would feel about their appearance.  it's not his body. the discomfort has less to do with the innate experience of his body.
he worked out to get rid of the excess body fat he gained after pregnancy. he isn't fond of the faint stretch marks or the slight hourglass curve his body seems to take. his bladder muscles are weaker than before, not too much but enough for a strong sneeze to leave him stiff.
his body isn't the source of his discomfort, it took a long time to figure that out but he knows it now.
it's not that taehyung minds that he has a pussy. it's not that.
thank you 😭 i was really scared about this update but im glad you like it
that's all for today's update, frens!! it'll probably have 2 more updates before it ends :) it's been 600 tweets :) and :) they :) haven't :) gotten :) to :) the :) coitus :) i wanna cry
yoongi holds him by the chin, gently lifting it and making him meet his gaze.  "kim taehyung, i would love to eat you out. if you want me to." he says, sincere, and taehyung feels a blush claw its way up to his cheeks.  "i want," he nods then whispers, "i want it."
but with yoongi, he's learnt that he doesn't have to prove anything to him. doesn't have to prove or pretend or perform to be accepted for who he is.
and maybe, a few years ago, he wouldn't have agreed. wouldn't have allowed himself to agree, because he believed that he couldn't.
"no i want, i just— i've never— i mean, no one's ever done— that?" he admits, and squeezes his thighs together.
yoongi leans a little closer so they're breathing in the same air.  "you don't have to do anything you aren't comfortable with." he murmurs. "i could eat you out. or we could just fuck. we could go straight to sleep, too. whatever you want."
"no i don't mind. i mean– if you don't mind—"  "i'm literally offering, tae."
"i— okay." taehyung whispers, and yoongi lifts himself to meet his eyes but taehyung looks away.  "we don't have to, if you don't want it." he hears yoongi say, obviously having heard the loud thrashing of taehyung's heart inside his chest and mistaking it for distress.
and taehyung is suddenly hit by how much he truly trusts him.  the knowledge causes the feeling in his stomach to untangle and rise and float up to his tongue for taehyung to taste and recognize it as not discomfort or fright but embarrassment. he's just embarrassed.
he feels yoongi press soft fleeting kisses up his neck and thinks how even with yoongi's fangs grazing taehyung's throat, he doesn't feel scared, doesn't flinch or stiffen or feel the undercurrents of anxiety swimming under his skin.
😺✏ — thank you!! i'm really happy that you're liking the fic, because i was so scared about this update. but yes! yoon…
😺✏ — thank you so much!! im glad you like it because i was wondering if people weren't as interested in the story now…
i don't know because a lot of the fic's details were slashed away because of the character limit. i might post it on ao3 later when i've polished it and written it as i like it.
thank you!! that's always my goal while writing smut, to thread in feelings under all of the sex. thank you so much, im happy that you're enjoying it!!
it's 21k at the moment, and i suppose there's still some 3-4k left to it
thank you so much!! yeah im just worried bc i initially had no plans of focusing on tae's gender but i felt like this situation demanded it so im just a little nervous about the reception, but thank you!!
lmaoo yeah yoongi isn't embarrassed to say shit like that, he's lived for over 700 years, he doesn't give a fuck lol
do it do it do it do it
i have no words
admitting your sins i see
what did i do to deserve this 😭
omg yes!! thank you!!! 😭
it's 50 days to my birthday, does anyone wanna write me a hot professors taegi having to co-teach a course except instead of the syllabus, taehyung attaches the draft of the fanfic he's writing in his mail to yoongi? :) any volunteers? :) :)
soft smut is my brand :)
😺✏ — there's definitely a lot more to his struggles that i didn't wish to include in the fic, pregnancies as a trans m…
jimin was the son of aphrodite and hated how people just took that as reason enough to hit on him at all times, he was about near castrating the pompous bastard whose ego was the size of olympus just because his dad was zeus, when artemis appeared and took him as a hunter instead
yes i've seen this 😭😭😭 and im so invested and sad
im so sick of my own self
after my 7000 wips yes i'll queue this too 😔
i wanna write taegi as two secret agents pretending to be a married couple except after months and months of it, they forget that they're pretending :')
i had thought of this too, my version had namjoon - zeus hoseok - poseidon yoongi - hades seokjin - athena taehyung - apollo jimin - artemis jungkook - ares
i fucking wish
wjat the fuck
i was thinking and would anyone be interested in reading a separate oneshot on ao3 with a glimpse of yoongi's pov in the loveless marriage au— how he has to kill his mother to leave the coven and then run and propose a marriage to taehyung?
that's so cute !!!!!!
thank you!! :')
i love how i know what you're talking about with absolutely no context
😺✏ — thank you so much!! it makes me really happy that you liked that!! like you have no idea. it was built on top of…
everyone's been tagging me under this tweet lol
what is this thread why am i reading it
looking at a guy wearing something feminine and saying he's gay is the stupidest thing ive heard
you dont have to wear a skirt to be a woman, or pants to be a man. you dont even have  to be a woman r a man
a man can wear a skirt
me wearing a skirt doesnt give u any right to assume that im a woman
i dont understand you dont have to be a woman or a man.
this one mosquito is staring at me? like im writing smut scenes with gay asian men in tight pants and i feel like im being judged...
ok but why do mosquitoes like me so much? why cant i have vampires instead? is there a choice? because i want one
ok..so slowburn as cannibal yoongi slowly learns to speak english? pshhh
i wont be surprised if jungkook had a tumblr for this stuff. and knowing tae, he probably tried his hand at writing fics
....why am i weirdly fascinated with this idea? i suddenly feel like writing one
we would. even sm would want us. but then one of us would leave and our fans would write angsty post disbandment fics for us
o.o im speechless. this is perfect (im calling dibs on the red one btw)
then we're all set yassss lets go
ok idk im gonna sleep fcuk u college
are u ok? i feel like its important to ask this
all of us
ur display name...just reminded me of this,,,im sorry
a taegi idol verse where tae leaves bts and yoongi dies a little inside, bc this is how i deal with threatening comebacks
i wanna write a vhope or a yoonseok or junghope or smth but taegi is my comfort zone :(
what if theres no conceot photos of jin bc he's dead
i aint sleeping lol gotta read that fic so good luck indeed
if that ain't all of us, i read this trash during lectures and i dont recommend it
they exchange saliva
nope, no way. i'm a new media artist, i dabble somewhere at the intersection of programming, art and philosophy
me too 😔
the left are notes on gradient descent (a key concept in machine learning) and the right is a proof in deontic logic (a mathematical framework to explain morals). i'd been learning the two for a project where i was attempting to teach my laptop moral values
valid tbh
lmao
choose your fighter 😔
skjshshjsjs
see this is why we're friends
my life has been leading up to this moment yes
😺✏ — hello! i'm sorry it's been hard since my whole nation has been on lockdown, but thank you!! i'm working on the update and i should be finished with it by tomorrow hopefully
it really was inspired by that!!
"fucking—" taehyung swears, breathless and out of his mind, feeling a strong impulse to slam a knee against yoongi's skull.  "touch me," he pants, squeezing his thighs tight, "please."
both of yoongi's palms splay on his ass and push, urging him to cock his hips and hook a knee over his shoulder.  "please what?"
and taehyung is at the end of his patience, he tugs at yoongi's hair and bucks his hips up against the strain of yoongi's grip.  "please," he whimpers, feeling the hot flush spread across his face as his hips tremble and shake helplessly.
"beg me for it." yoongi whispers into his skin. he glances up as he says it, the words more a question than a demand.
yoongi doesn't reply immediately, he holds him down as he noses along the crease above his thigh to the rise of his hipbone and then down the arc of his abdomen, nipping at the skin below his belly button.  taehyung sucks in a sharp breath and pulls his stomach in.
"yeah?" yoongi says before continuing to spatter wet kisses across the expanse of his thighs, sucking and nibbling the skin red.  "stop— fucking teasing." taehyung hisses.
taehyung whines, tips his head back and arches. he squeaks in surprise when he feels yoongi's palm slide up to his ass and squeeze.  "yoongi," he breathes.
then, without a warning, yoongi parts his lips and sinks his teeth into the flesh of his thigh, and taehyung's breath hitches. his hips kick up, fingers tightening into yoongi's hair, and yoongi makes a pleased sound before he lets go and sucks at the bruising skin.
yoongi twists his face to press a kiss into the inside of his thigh, and taehyung's thighs tremble with the effort to keep still. he slides his fingers into yoongi's hair and yoongi hums low in his throat.
the words make yoongi smile and he shifts to fully settle between taehyung's legs.  yoongi slides his hands under his thighs, coaxing them up and bending down till taehyung's knees bracket his head.
taehyung bites down on his lip and nods.  "i know." he whispers. "i trust you."
yoongi glances up to meet his eyes.  "if at any point you want me to stop, i'll stop." he says, so sincere and dedicated that taehyung's heart kicks inside his chest fondly.
for a long careful moment yoongi simply looks at him, and taehyung feels breathless under his gaze, feels his lungs stutter and his toes curl against the sheets.
yoongi moves up the length of his calf and kisses the insides of his knees before gently parting them, and taehyung doesn't resist, letting them fall to the sides and bare him open.
yoongi drags his lips round the curve and kisses the jut of his ankle.  a small shiver runs down his spine and taehyung fights the urge to close his thighs tight.
taehyung makes an unintelligible noise and yanks his foot to free it but yoongi holds on tight. taehyung feels him smile against his skin.  "stop it, that's gross." he complains and yoongi hums but doesn't make a move to pull away. taehyung sees a strange resolve in his eyes.
growing impatient, taehyung kicks the clothes the rest of the way off his feet and onto the floor, and yoongi laughs. he grabs a foot and brings it to his lips to press a kiss to the curve of his sole.
yoongi presses a kiss to his cheek before he moves and taehyung shifts, letting yoongi undo the buckle to his belt and unbutton his pants. he lifts his hips to allow yoongi to slide his pants and underwear down his thighs and calves.
yes!!
— i'm so sorry for the delayed response, but here's a detailed timeline of tae's pregnancy because i feel like it's…
— thank you so much and lmao i feel you, i had to block an ex on this app before i could post the smut portion …
i just requested mine and it told me to wait for some 6 hours, did you really wait that long 😭
wow you're so pretty 😳
it's really late and i was getting impatient so here's half of the update, i'll finish working on the rest of it and post it tomorrow!
yoongi growls low in his throat and immediately yanks him closer, manhandling one of taehyung's thighs over his shoulder and locking him in place as he runs tight little circles around his clit with his tongue.
yoongi doesn't let up, he sucks and licks and swipes his tongue against his clit, flicking it then pressing his tongue hard against it, and taehyung thrashes helplessly.
he doesn't tease this time as he licks at him repeatedly, from his hole up to his clit.  "yoongi!" taehyung gasps when yoongi closes his lips around his clit and sucks.
"come on, darling, i wanna hear you." he reaches out and gently tugs taehyung's hand from his mouth.  taehyung lets his arm fall back on the bed. his chest heaves, flaring then falling, the sound of his harsh exhales loud in the room and yoongi goes down on him again.
"don't do that."  taehyung watches yoongi resurface from between his legs and push himself onto an elbow.
yoongi tightens his grip on him to hold him in place as he presses his tongue wide and flat against his clit and taehyung makes a loud high pitched noise.  embarrassed, he brings the back of his palm to his mouth, clapping it shut.
lips falling open in a silent plea, taehyung squeezes his thighs tight around yoongi's head and bucks his hips towards his mouth, gasping when yoongi licks at him.  the pleasure wracks through his body like a shuddering storm, and he writhes, squirms, unable to keep still.
taehyung scrunches his eyes shut, his breath hitching when yoongi parts his mouth and kisses his clit softly.
taehyung feels the smile yoongi hides in the crook of his thigh and leg.  "fuck yeah i will." he says and presses one last kiss to his abdomen before he's shifting further down and spreading him open with a thumb.
he turns his head to the side even though it does little to hide the blush high on his cheeks.  "you can't possibly still be embarrassed." he hears yoongi say. yoongi sounds amused.
"thank you." taehyung speaks, then swallows, mouth dry.  he brings a hand up to card his fingers through yoongi's hair, and yoongi rests a cheek against his sternum as he watches him. taehyung feels the heat slowly crawl up his face under the weight of his adoring gaze.
honestly taehyung is a little dazed, too fucked out to form a coherent thought. he tries to catch his breath as yoongi drags his lips up his thighs and hips and stomach, presses a kiss to his belly button then each of his ribs.
he expects yoongi to come back up but yoongi dips low and presses a kiss to his pussy again. taehyung whines low in his throat, too sensitive, and yoongi eventually pulls away to lick at the dark red marks he'd left on the inside of his thighs.
taehyung immediately releases his grip on yoongi's hair with an apology, and yoongi pushes himself up on his elbows. taehyung catches the way his tongue briefly darts out to lick the slick off the corner of his mouth.
yoongi makes a muffled noise and it takes taehyung a moment to realise that he's still holding him down.
he barely has a chance to draw in a breath before his entire body clenches and his stomach pulls in tight.  taehyung keens out yoongi's name when he comes, body shuddering before his thighs unlock and he falls back against the mattress, panting.
"yoongi— i—" taehyung gasps and yanks at yoongi's hair, squeezing his thighs tight around him as he arches off the bed.  yoongi's thumbs circle his rim as he sucks at him harder, and taehyung feels the ache building low between his hips, hot and intense and all-consuming.
taehyung moans, feels out of his mind as his pussy clenches tight.   yoongi runs his thumbs along the edge of his walls and taehyung wails and trembles and curls, pleasure wringing him so impossibly tight he helplessly quivers underneath yoongi.
there's no update schedule anymore 😔 but i'm writing right now in hopes of posting it soon
and i love you
i really want to include it in this update if i am able to finish writing it in time
there's still an important plot point to cover, one that explains why tae & yoongi were able to have a kid in the first place
taehyung is trans
omg i will update today then! i am actually done with the update but i feel like adding more to it so !!!!!!
thank you to everyone responding 😭 i felt like people had lost interest since the conflict was resolved but im glad you're still enjoying it!
is anyone still interested in this au 😔
im so excited, please watch them and tell me what you think
i've seen it all and it's amazing and definitely your kind of a watch
he hears the door creak open and twists his head to watch yoongi slip inside the room.  "sorry it took a while, he was a little excited. he's asleep now."
taehyung takes in a deep inhale.  but this feels good, with yoongi, it feels good. to be touched and respected. it feels really good, and taehyung feels so damn grateful.
over the years, taehyung had unknowingly attached sex to this feeling of feeling exposed and vulnerable and at the mercy of the other person, and it— it hurt. being touched hurt.
but fuck, taehyung loves him.  he was always aware of it, the knowledge flowing under his skin like a warm humming current. but it seems to crash into him like a flood when taehyung recalls how goddamn nice and respectful yoongi had been.
yoongi isn't perfect, sometimes when he's irritated he closes off, so much so that taehyung feels like he's trying to converse with a wall. he's stubborn about little things, absolutely flippant about others, and they often argue about unnecessary details.
he's had sex with plenty of people, plenty of shitty people, plenty of strangers, several of his friends, and it's not as if yoongi is perfect, taehyung's lived with him for more than four years, he knows.
but this— this— taehyung tips his head back, he feels a sudden urge to cry.
he hasn't felt so comfortable in his body in a long time, can't remember when he felt this happy, when he last touched someone and let himself be touched and not felt shitty.  he doesn't even remember their first time, had been so drunk that he barely has a recollection of it.
there's a click of the door in the distance, and the few moments of silence help taehyung gather some of his thoughts.
"appa is fine, love." he hears him tell jungkook. yoongi's footsteps fade into the distance as he presumably picks jungkook up and carts him back to his room.   "don't worry, daddy is with him. you can see him in the morning, yeah?"
taehyung hears yoongi duck into the bathroom and wash his hands before he slips out of the room to intercept jungkook before he can enter their bedroom in his search for taehyung.
"give me a minute. i'll go put him to sleep." he says as taehyung throws an arm over his eyes and groans.  jungkook's footsteps grow louder, the little pat-pat of his bare feet sounding a lot like a clock ticking fast to his doom.
"he must've heard you." he says, laughter in his voice, and taehyung is frozen stiff in his mortification.  they hear jungkook call out for him once again and yoongi presses a kiss to his cheek before he lifts himself off him.
taehyung freezes as does yoongi. for a horrified moment, neither of them move.  but then yoongi is breaking the kiss to laugh into his neck.
he's almost halfway there, his hands tremble where they're struggling with the buttons. he is half a mind to simply tear the shirt open when he hears the sound of faint footsteps and—  "appa?"
taehyung slides his hands down yoongi's chest to unbutton his shirt with a frenzied urgency.  "yoongi—" taehyung gasps into the kiss. "fuck me, please—"
the kiss turns more heated and taehyung moans when yoongi grinds against him. he's still hard and fully clothed.
yoongi doesn't reply but shifts and leans in to capture his mouth in a deep kiss.   taehyung sighs and parts his lips, sweeping his palms down his neck to grasp his shoulders.
taehyung expects yoongi to tease him but when it doesn't come, he glances up at him and finds yoongi's face uncharacteristically open, his eyes soft and the smile on his face fond.
"i'm not." taehyung argues but fails to keep the whine from his voice.  he twists his face back around but can't meet yoongi's eyes. "i just can't believe this is real." he whispers.
"it's just— bloodmates are considered nothing more than a myth. but there's no other explanation for why you were able to give birth to jungkook."  "yoongi," taehyung cuts him off, "spit it out."
"it's not why i took you home with me that very first night. it's not why i'm doing any of this. please, you have to know that."  "i know, i know you didn't. i believe you." taehyung reaches for his hand, entwining their fingers together.
"yes, very much. but bloodmates are more than that. shit this is harder than i thought." yoongi looks up at him a little pleadingly. "i want you to know that i really didn't know, not at first."
"i ignored it at first. every person has their own scent, some scents are sweeter than others. but with time, the thought of it became harder to ignore."  "you like my scent." taehyung says, because that's about as much he got from the conversation so far.
"didn't even think the thought. but when you told me you were pregnant, and your scent—" he groans, "fuck, it drives me crazy. even when i met you the first time, in the bar, i hadn't smelt a scent as strong in seven hundred years."
yoongi can't seem to meet his eyes. he looks at where their hands lie between them, close but not touching.  "believe me, i didn't know it in the beginning." he says instead.
it's rare to see yoongi blush, pale as he is, and rarer even to see his cheeks burn so bright that taehyung can see it in the dim muted lights streaming in from the window.  "that i might be your bloodmate?" taehyung prompts when yoongi doesn't finish.
"soulmates" taehyung repeats dumbly.  "it's ridiculous, i know. but i believe that there's a good chance that you might be my um, yeah."
"yeah." yoongi licks his lips. "there's a myth about vampires finding humans whose blood is— it's hard to explain, bloodmates are what soulmates would be to you. it's not the same but that's about the closest analogy i can think of."
"um, so, i didn't quite know it in the beginning either." he begins. "there are stories, i didn't really believe them, most of us don't, but there are— well there are stories about bloodmates?"  "bloodmates?"
"what is it?" taehyung asks, knitting his eyebrows in confusion.  yoongi shifts so he's lying on his side and facing him. he looks a little uncomfortable.
yoongi grabs him by the arm and tugs him down till taehyung is no longer hovering over him but lies next to him instead.  "just— i need to tell you something first." yoongi explains.
"is it not okay?" he asks him, worried that he unintentionally crossed a line.  "no, no, that's fine." yoongi's voice is gravelly. "you're fine."
yoongi groans into their kiss but splays his palms on taehyung's chest and gently pushes him away.  taehyung blinks in surprise but puts some distance between them.
taehyung smears their lips together again, more heated this time, and purposely grinds down on yoongi's bulge.
taehyung flips their positions in a single swift move and hovers over him, knees on either side of his hips. he grins when he sees yoongi's eyes widen almost imperceptibly.
"i wanna ride you." taehyung murmurs into the kiss, and he catches yoongi's surprise.  yoongi pulls back just a little to meet his eyes. "you don't have to."  taehyung hums and reaches up to kiss him again. "i know. i want to." he assures him before he pulls away.
it's unsettling to think that his gentle touch is deliberate, that yoongi could very well crush his bones with the very thumbs he's stroking against his hips in soft mindless circles.
yoongi's skin is so pale and cool under his touch, it serves to remind taehyung that he's a vampire. yoongi acts so much like a human that sometimes the thought is a little jarring.
yoongi walks back to the bed, unbuttoning his shirt as he does, and peels it off before he climbs onto the bed.  yoongi leans down to kiss him and taehyung wraps his arms around yoongi's neck.
— the logistics of the turning will be explained later :)
thank you so much 😭😭
i am 😂
and that was one big update i hope you enjoyed it!! there's just one more to go now!
yoongi pauses, seems to swallow before he looks at taehyung.  "if you're my bloodmate, and if—" yoongi hesitates. taehyung squeezes his hand in reassurance.  "if i drink your blood, it'll turn me back into a human."
lmao i wish
no no there's one more update to go
— i'll explain the bloodmates thing more in the next (and hopefully last) update!!
i love that my notifs are just people qrting what
i'll explain that in the next update
14. hardest scene: too many, but probably the whole kumiho myth reveal in your silence  15. favourite characterisation: yoongi in your silence, there's like no competition at all
that's not my favorite scene of the fic though because my favorite scene of the fic isn't posted yet  13. where i get my inspiration from: anime, other fics, the sheer will to subvert every possible trope
12. favourite scene: your silence, when taehyung asks yoongi to kill him, and specifically this paragraph
10. favourite trope to write: trope subversion  11. something i wouldn't write: aside from the obvious problematic tropes, friends with benefits and hybrid aus
8. most research intensive: i do a ton of research for all my fics, but there's an alchemy medieval court politics fic that's not been posted yet. it's my most intense project so far.  9. fic that is more dear to me: uhh idk, i like and hate them all
6. favourite fic i wrote: literally none, i hate everything 2 months after ive written it  7. hardest fic: your silence, without a doubt, that fic is a monster
4. i've been writing since i was like 8 or something  5. first fic: a justin bieber / oc fic that shall remain unnamed, i wrote it in a journal because i lived in a boarding school with no internet and the journal was passed from dorm to dorm after each chapter
2. ships i write: taegi, i would love to write more but :|  3. ships i read: i read every ship i'm shameless
1. ao3 handle: mangomya
i wanted to do this, i should sleep but i will do this
— i have a thread of all the extra info about the au here
detailed timeline of tae's pregnancy —
explicaré eso en la próxima actualización
i never knew i would find ships smaller than taegi but surprises do exist
"i unbuttoned the blue pixel i had on my lower half and instructed her on the ways of foreplay"
hmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm......nah
"as her top pixel met my bottom pixel, i let out an ecstatic sigh. such pleasure i had never experienced in my life"
"the game started to glitch, as we started to slot in and out off eachother at a very fast pace it seemed wrong, but felt so right"
"he spied a very angular blue 'l' shape, and thought- ohhhhh, i'd like to slip into that block's contours…"
there are 92 tetris fanfics about blocks having sex,,,,u learn new things everyday
omg i just had a moment of self discovery, istg ive never felt so relieved to know that my behaviour is a common thing
bless u
now why would you do this...
it's really like that 😔 i see notifications of you liking the tweets and im satisfied
my wips are crying
actors taegi who have to shoot their first kiss for a movie. tae is a little nervous because it's their first time working together but yoongi is spending his 36th lifetime with taehyung having no recollection of their past lives.   they kiss and yoongi starts crying into it
me with   and every loveless au update
thank you!! i hope to flesh out a plot for it soon
21: fic writers i admire: all  22. fic recs:  it happened quiet    a gentle sound
20. a discontinued fic i would've loved to finish: not discontinued but your silence, i just want to finish your silence, please
19. a recent comment that made me smile: this, i recently had someone ask me for my email because they had a 2k comment for me and they mailed it to me so that was something
18. a line from a wip: this is from an interactive horror au, i doubt it will ever see the light
17. story i want to write but don't think people will enjoy reading: i really want to write a non-romantic taegi with flawed characters that is a commentary on how media romanticizes the notion of pursuing your love interest & "not giving up" (regardless of the person's consent)
16. sequel i'd write, if i had the time: a oneshot sequel to the loveless au from yoongi's pov that has more of the violence and gore
the bloodmates thing will be explained in more detail a little later
yeah! i don't really like this version so i wanna clean it up and post the new thing on ao3
i'm not wholly satisfied with how the loveless au turned out as a thread fic, so i'll be cleaning and editing it over the next few days before i post the compete thing on ao3
jungkook has a human body with a few bat like traits, so he's mortal!
it's available on kissasian, look up "the handmaiden" it's a really good film
— hey so i wrote a twitter thread fic for the first time myself. as for advice, it would be better if you had a siz…
yoongi is the heiress, taehyung is the handmaiden
writing this except the kiss scene is the bath scene from the handmaiden
what baby
this is organised crime, i do not like this
i bring pain to myself too 😔
i am sorry 😔
you're brave to hope 😭 i could never
that we are 😔
block me 😔
omg a taegi vlive????!!??? 👀
it'll be explained later!
i am 😔
taehyung, born with the ability to travel between parallel universes, visits all of them every night to make sure all his yoongis are happy
now why would you type that
😭😭😭
this is an accurate visual representation
taehyung is the kind who cups all of yoongi's face in his palms when he kisses him
lmao an actual threat
and not knowing that taehyung is the leader of the rival mob in town
because im not yet tired of this trope, yoongi who is being forced into a marriage with a mob boss makes a run for it in the middle of the wedding, climbs into the car of the first person he sees and screams at him to drive, not realising it's taehyung, his crush from high school
just block me already 😔
im glad you like it!! ☺️
thank you!!!
thank you so much!!! im glad this gave you a deeper insight into the story and its characters
im glad you liked it !!
i liked woo better lol
everyone writing taegi in an arranged marriage setting, sorry i'll be taking it personally and assume that you're trying to woo me
2seok and taegi and arranged marriage, are you trying to woo me
the universe has manifested my parallel universe taegi can you all please shoot me
i felt this down to my core
it gets worse 😔
and then the yoongi of our world hugs him and when tae starts to leave, yoongi holds him tight and whispers, "stay? please?"
he's there even as yoongi grows older, a mentor figure, to soothe him when he comes out to his parents, when he's struggling alone in seoul trying to make music  but as yoongi grows older he stares to see how lonely tae is. he visits every world but doesn't have a home of his own
in my head, the yoongis are all babies, all of them a little shy, a little in need of love, and taehyung is like a fairy (yoongi calls him fairy) who comes visits him every night and tucks him to bed
🥺
so tae buys yoongi's nude from a burner acct undefined slides into tae's dms as an anon acct asking for a nude to catch him (he does)  tae has to send yoongi a real nude as "payback" and it evolves into flirting
no i hate writing porn myself 😭 it's the one thing i suck at and ive only just started dabbling in it. it can be just fluff too wait
thank you!! i haven't read this and i will!!!
you sure you want to?
what do you mean, you obviously have to write it 🥰
i see an au 👀 taehyung ending up selling yoongi's nude to yoongi himself
yes 😔 ive read like every taegi fic to exist, but if you have any namjin recs please throw them my way
editing the loveless au at the pace of one paragraph per day 😔
bombard me with recs i need them 😔
please 😭 they aren't even in the same frame in the original video
you mean you didn't see their recent live?????
thank you 🥺
i wish but thank you!
thank you!!!
thank you !!
thank you! you're really kind
lmao that's the dream
make them seven and draw bts in a haikyuu au
better hope they post a selca soon then 😔
the 5th chapter of your silence will be posted when user bts_twt posts a taegi selca
i found mine here
that's so cute
go away
— no no they're the same. the title of the fic is make it right but i usually refer to it as the loveless marriage …
it was my first time writing a fic like this, one that slowly reveals crucial information to the readers. and since it was told from one pov, constrained within the character limit, and posted in installments, i'm not sure if i was able to succeed.
i had a question for people who read the loveless au. the fic was told from a mid-point and the past was slowly revealed to you, i know it was a little confusing, but were you able to fully understand the story with time?
it'll be explained a little later :)
thank you so much 🥰
drive files are ones im actively working on, the device ones are those i'll work on a late date
they're doing this for us ☺️
i just want to remind everyone that taegi are being considerate, please understand
— look in my moments! all my fic ideas and aus are there!
's dms are my natural habitat 😔
lmao
and when taehyung unhinges his jaw and swallows yoongi whole then what
are you referring to the loveless au? im actually revising the whole fic because i wasn't too happy with it, and i'll post the compete thing on ao3 in a few days
have you read this?
sit your ass down
— the plan was to post it for taegi week but the plot got out of hand and became really long and impractical seeing…
— hello! thank you so much for your kind words, i try to subvert tropes in all my works and in this fic too, i want…
hopefully 😔 if my anxiety allows
i have exams on both of those days, my first bts concert and i can't even attend 💀
lmao if that would really happen i would 💀
:)
it means that friends, boyfriends and girlfriends all end with "ends" because they all end, but soulmate ends with "ate" which means vore which means taegi soulmates and in this essay i will—
wait it's supposed to be *var i=0, i mixed up java and javascript, im sorry im dumb and only think of taegi
for (int i = 0; i undefined     } }
15. a fic i'll still remember years later:   white chalk by g_odalisque13 (taegi)
14. a fic that made me gasp out loud:  for the best and for the worst (taegi)
13. a fic i've gushed about irl:  when i'm down on my knees, you're how i pray by jonghyunslisterine (jihope)
12. a fic i'd read a fic of:  say my name (and i'll lie in the sound) by fadetomorrow (taegi)
11. a fic that embodies something i value in life:  아침은 다시 올 거야 by fitzgarbage (vhope)
10. a comfort fic:  you stir up a mcflurry in my heart by tau (yoonkook)
9. a fic with lines i've memorised by heart:  salt in the ruins by dawnstruck (namgi)
8. a cathartic fic:   your silence is my favourite sound by me (taegi)
7. a fic i've reread several times:  lost and found by xxdevilishxx (hopekook)
6. a fic i'd print & keep on my bookshelf:  even the weariest river by vxmins (vmin)
5. a fic that inspires me (to write more layered characters):  in transit by wildseed (jikook)
4. a fic that i wish could be a movie:  kairotic by metascasia (namjin)
3. a fic that made me feel seen:  behind closed doors by pornographicpenguin (yoonmin)
2. a favourite au:  it happened quiet by hobimo (taegi)
1. a fic that gave me butterflies:  a gentle sound by syubology (taegi)
i spent an hour on this
i mute people, then revisit them by accident with no recollection of why i muted them in the first place, unmute them, rinse & repeat
this is the kind of energy i want to manifest in my life
send me screenshots 😭
this is wow
trying to manifest this energy into my masters application and hope i get selected
— hello!! yes white chalk is one of my favourite fics!! i'm glad you liked it! i know of up we go but because there…
— i'm glad you like the recs :) please dont read the au right now lol, i don't like it, i'm revising it to post it on ao3, please read that version!
— hello! thank you, i'm really happy you're enjoying the fic and its characters!! i was a little unsure because i am writing characters way past my own age and…
you don't, you just live and suffer like all of us commoners
welcome aboard 😭
me, living in the bunker in your house and sweating nervously as i bang my head against the light switch: ... h-a-h-a t-h-a-t-d b-e f-u-n-n-y
read it it's my favorite fic
yes!! say no to me, im prioritizing validation over the fic's quality!!
your taste, it's unarguably the most realistic fic ive ever read
no no i love might guy
fine 😔 might guy from naruto then
yes! that would be so good!!!
happy birthday!!! 🎉🎉🎉
happy birthday!! i hope you have a wonderful day and year ahead!! please take care and stay safe and healthy!
omg 💀💀
thank you ☺️
— i'm revising the whole thread fic to post it on ao3. so if you don't remember where you left off, you can wait a …
rereading comments on past fics and watching anime :/
don't mind me i'm just staring at the "doesn't like horror movies" a little too hard
stop exposing me
ah okay i didn't understand what you meant earlier
but not reading a fic because of tags/trigger warnings has nothing to do with whether it's complete or ongoing? you wouldn't read a fic that could contain triggering content for you even when it's complete?
please spare me 😂
if we got a dollar for everytime someone has said "taegi selca" on this app, we'd have enough money to buy all of bighit's shares, book us all a ticket to korea, march inside bighit, do a hostile takeover, break open genius lab, drag taegi down to the basement, tie them to a cha—
thank you!! im writing the statement of purpose and trying not to die
you summoned me 🙂
— thank you for reading!! im trying to finish it as fast as i can, i hope i can get it out soon!!
— thank you so much for reading!!
my daily reminder :) taegi are good boys. kind boys. tender boys. they want the best for us
lmao honestly i am more excited to write the sequel than the actual fic, i'd write gore over smut any day
thank you ☺️
they both are poles apart lol, but i have a plan to post a oneshot sequel to the loveless au from yoongi's pov, where you'll get to read more of the gore & vampire violence as yoongi kills his mother and escapes his coven and proposes the marriage to taehyung
im glad you think so! that's really the best compliment 🥺
no no, i am simply going to post the full fic on ao3 now. it should happen in a few days :/
i have an entire doc where i explain everything about the au that i'll link at the end of the fic. it has extra info & a few of the frequent questions i've received on cc
yoongi was trying to protect him physically, he didn't know humans needed emotional comfort as well.  he also has a bad habit of doing everything himself since he's lived by himself for centuries, he's not used to telling people his feelings which is where their marriage fails.
a thought for the loveless au: taehyung expected yoongi, a 700 y/o vampire with little knowledge of human traits, to know what he was feeling when you'd notice that he barely knows anything about vampires himself
omg 😭 i saw this right as i was beginning to get really irritated with the fic, so thank you so much for your kind words!! they really lifted my mood, and i'm going to take a break before getting back to writing 🥰
after i finish writing my 876 other wips 😂
oh ive seen that fic but i haven't read it yet, i'll read it tonight!
there is! it's like 5 times taehyung carries yoongi up the stairs + 1 time taehyung carries him to his bed kinda thing
have you read this 🥺
i love this!!!!!!!
uh i don't really care honestly? i don't have a preference nor do i particularly enjoy writing smut, i've written both bottom yoon & bottom tae, but i …
this is a really old draft that i actually haven't touched in months lol
i know yoongi has done it in real life, he pretends to collapse when he's really just a lazy shit and taehyung, his whipped boyfriend, just picks him up and carts him to wherever he wants
taehyung actually knows yoongi is pretending but he does it anyway because he thinks yoongi is cute??
i'll be thinking about this for a week now thank you 😔
it's not posted yet :) just a snippet from my drafts
here :)
4.
3.
2.
i'd posted it before too but here is a snippet of it anyway  1.
this is literally the au i was working on??? where yoongi pretends to collapse for taehyung to carry him nine fights up the stairs???
🙂
this is so pretty!!! 🥺
wait why am i seeing il this everywhere where is it from
that's a nice way to say never 🙂
— thank you so much ;_; i am feeling so impatient with that fic myself, smut is not my favourite genre to write and…
— thank you so much!! i'm glad you liked it! and i hope you have a nice day too!
lmao glad you liked it ☺️
they look so pretty!! 🥺
thank you ☺️
no i'd posted about it here before!! it's incomplete so it's not on ao3 yet
pretend you didn't see it because im going to delete it in the next 10 seconds
do you know which songs have they performed already 🥺
thank you so much 😭
thank you!! 🥰 i hope you'll like it!
😂😂😂
😭😭😭
you can trust me ☺️
im sorry 🥺
im sorry 😭
im sorry 😭
it really is 😭 he goes through a lot but i don't want to include it in the main fic because i want to keep it violence free
i can't wait to write & post the sequel and have people finally realise just why yoongi had to stay away
here's a snippet of it, but yoongi's side of things will be revealed in a sequel i'll post later! it'll explain how yoongi left his coven, proposed a marriage to taehyung and saw kook for the first time
they should get out of their imagination, it's not a good place 😔
you're getting brave putting taegi selca in there
no matter how much you disagree with someone's opinion, know that sending death threats is never the right answer, and if you do believe so, please get help, you need it
the fuck even is this, you guys are the most efficient and friendly ship week account ive seen on this app
look at my sweet might guy, prettiest boy me thinks
i refuse to suffer alone
it's a wip!
i—
i was really excited lol, would've loved to see them guess that
happy birthday!!!! 🎉🎉🎉🎉 i hope you have an amazing day and year ahead! please stay safe and healthy!
oh no no please don't 😂
i've been crying all day already and you just 😭😭😭
😂😂😂
he's the type who writes that the alpha ploughed his seed in the omega's  fertile soil
taegi au where yoongi, a fanfic writer, is told by a reader that his smut is not "realistic" enough. yoongi tells said reader that "unless you're offering to fuck me and show me how it's done, im not accepting criticism"  yoongi doesn't expect the reader to accept his proposition
no no im not mad! im just really impatient with that fic myself, it's taking really long & i just want to finish it already. so no worries! ☺️ i knew what you meant! this snippet is from the main fic itself, i haven't started working on the sequel yet!
yes believe me i know 😔 im working on it
thank you so much!!!! 🥺🥺
thank you so much!! ive read the 2 taegis (obviously) but i'll read the rest!!
ao3!
sure! send me the link!!
i've read almost every taegi fic in existence lol but thank you, i'll look into their recs
thank you!! i'll check them out!!
i've read that!!! and it really is!
ao3!
they do argue and they're well founded arguments too, but they deal with them maturely and don't let them get out of hand
it's a revised version of my thread fic! but it's still a wip
noooooooooooooo literally nothing bad happens in the fic, it's really good
it's a revised version of this thread fic, so you can read it here if you wish to
pretend art therapist me is my dream 😔
everyone is baffled when yoongi's husband, a business tycoon and a man thrice his age, suddenly disappears two years after their marriage.  everyone except one person. yoongi's highschool boyfriend owns a farm outside daegu and his pigs are more than delighted with their new meal
this is so heartwarming 🥺
if all the members were to act in the movie parasite, what kind of jobs do you think you'd all do in the house? #슙디에게물어봐
your favorite lyric from a song you wrote? #슙디에게물어봐
— this has been sitting in my inbox for a week but i only just saw it ;_; thank you so much for your kind words...
— omg im sorry to hear about that, im not sure what the logistics of such programs are but i hope you're able to ge…
he's the sweetest!!! 😭😭 i cant wait for everyone to love him too
lmaao, i take your opinion very seriously so i thought you might as well be fully informed
yes that's the one!!
nooooooooo there's little to no angst (so far) it's actually a really sweet fic
whoever hasn't read a gentle sound and dares to interact with me, you're brave
this is adorable!!!! 😭😭
taegi married taegi parents
none of those actually !!
get out of your imagination 😔 its not a good place
i was kidding lol im working on the fic, i wasn't happy with the thread fic so im revising the whole fic and i'll post it on ao3 instead
i see nothing wrong 🙂
im sobbing 😭😭😭
this is so cute!!!!
that looks so pretty !!!!!
lmao
as much as they can lol, but yeah they do
they both did 👀👀👀👀
:)
two years *into
my p r e c i o u s
omygod
aww that's so cute
my lil boat is sailing
but stellar's sting era pastel sweaters are so..can u be sweater-sexual?
i do!!!!! it's so prettyyy thank you for making this. really. ily asddfgfjkl
please take your time lol, i'll be going through it like a maniac to check for errors anyway
𝐌𝐚𝐤𝐞 𝐈𝐭 𝐑𝐢𝐠𝐡𝐭 ↳ taegi, explicit (30k)  • loveless marriage au • vampires • kid jungkook • difficult conversations  four years into taehyung and yoongi's loveless marriage, jungkook is suddenly determined to make his parents kiss  →
this was the one
i remember i was showing a couple of concept photos on the projector for my bosses to see & i accidentally showed them one of their taegi nsfw fanarts 😭😭
this is so pretty im crying 😭😭😭
lmao no no he's human. it's nothing complicated i promise, you'll find out soon enough
me at my "loveless" au
thank you so much 🥺 it makes me really happy!!!
i hope you like it!!! 😭😭
i don't think so? there's some angst but it gets resolved pretty fast!
thank you for your patience, i hope you like it 🥺
i hope you like it :)
i hope you enjoy it!!!
i hope you like it!!! 😭
i hope you enjoy it!!
omg i hope you like it!!!
i'd request everyone to read it from the beginning because there's a lot added in the ao3 version that i didn't include in the thread fic
thank you so much for your kind words!! i hope you are able to enjoy the fic!! thank you so much for waiting this long for it!
i'll admit that i know embarrassingly little about children but i'm really glad you liked it and that you talk about genders to children, that's so nice. thank you so much!
thank you so much!! i'm really happy it was able to evoke strong emotions in you, that's one of my favorite things to hear! i hope you have a nice day!
i hope you enjoyed it!!!
thank you so much 😭😭 that's really the best compliment! i really tried to express they're relationship as realistically as i could, and i'm glad you liked it!!
i hope you like it 🥺
thank you so much!!
i hope you like it!!
thank you 🥺 i'm glad you liked it!
omg please don't talk about the sequel, i literally stayed up nights just to finish this because i need to focus on college stuff. im not going to think about the sequel right now
omg you're fast im glad you liked it!!
thank you! i hope you enjoy it!!
thank you so much for reading!! 🥺🥺 i'm really glad you like them!!
thank you so much for reading it!!
:)
thank you so much!! im glad you liked my side stuff on the side too!!
thank you so much!!! 🥺
— thank you so much for your kind words, i'm really happy you liked jungkook!! he's my precious lil bean. i hope yo…
thank you for your lovely comment, i'm really glad you liked it, i've literally put my soul into it for months so it's really nice to hear that you liked it! i hope you have a wonderful day, love!
thank you so much 🥺 it means a lot!!
thank you for your lovely words!!! im crying, i really like your description and im so happy it made you feel like that!! 🥺
thank you so much for reading 🥺🥺🥺
thank you!! 😭😭😭
thank you so much for reading!!
thank you so much!!! i'm glad you liked it 🥺🥺
oh i'm glad!! i was not sure if the readers understood the entire past since it's not fully revealed in the fic so i included an extra doc explaining it, i'm glad you liked it!!
i hope you enjoy it!! ☺️☺️
thank you so much for your kind words!! i'm really happy you could enjoy it! and the scene where yoongi kisses tae's foot!!!!! it's actually one of my favorite scenes so i'm glad you liked it!! thank you so much, i hope you have a nice day!
thank you so much!! i hope you enjoy it!!
thank you so much!! i'm glad you enjoyed it!! i like your fics a lot, so this really means a lot to me
thank you so much for reading!! 🥺🥺
🙂
im sorryyy :(
a snippet from a deleted scene regarding their fifth anniversary
— thank you so much for reading!! yoongi's sequel will take some time but im glad you enjoyed the fic!!
"look at me," he says again, tears streaking down his face because he knows that even if he were to die here, no one would care; natural selection is what his father would call it  yoongi tilts forward and places his own teeth around the berry  "on the count of three," he says
where taehyung came to win, yoongi came to die  but standing like this, over the corpses of those they'd killed together, it is only fitting when taehyung pulls out a stray poisonous berry from his pocket and places it between his teeth
winning is probably expected the least from yoongi, who'd volunteered in place of jung hoseok whose father had taken yoongi in when his had died  when hoseok's name was pulled from the box, yoongi knew that this was to be his fate, this was the only way he could repay his debt
taehyung from the powerful kim family, coached by his two brothers and previous victors, kim seokjin and kim namjoon; winning is expected the most from him, except it isn't what he wants  taehyung doesn't want to volunteer, doesn't want to win, doesn't want to kill
no one had quite expected the finale to be like this — kim taehyung from district 2, unarguably the most likely candidate to win this year, and min yoongi from district 10, being the last ones standing with their foreheads touching as the world crumbles around them
yoongi watches him with wide eyes as they breathe in the same air, the dagger that taehyung had tried to force into his hand lies at their feet, none of them willing to wield it, except the gamemakers won't let the games end until one of them kills the other
my birthday is in a week, now would be the perfect time for someone to write me a hunger games au taegi where yoongi is panicking as zombies swarm around them, but taehyung yanks him forward by the wrist so their foreheads touch  "look at me" he whispers, "please just look at me"
— thank you so much for reading!! and no, they aren't going to have another kid for couple of reasons. they're goin…
— hello! thank you for reading! jungkook is mortal but you're right, he'll age a little slower compared to others. …
thank you!! im glad you liked it!!
thank you!! ☺️ i'm glad you liked it!
here is a doc that explains some extra stuff about the past!! i link it in the end notes of the fic, but im not sure if many people saw it
im going to post a prequel/sequel to the story, i have yet to plan it but it'll come!!  for the anniversary, here is a bit from a deleted scene
that's me with every au idea i get 😔 i get you
i'll just leave this here 🙂
[the thread is discontinued]  the compete story was polished and posted here instead
thank you!!! 🥺 im glad you liked it!!!
it's just 7 tweets 😭 tell me you don't want a whole 40k of taegi in a hunger games au
:)
:)
yes it is! and sure they'll have lots of "fun" 🙂
thank you! 🥰
thank you!!!
thank you 🥺🥺
thank you so much! i hope you do too!!
thank you!!! 🥰🥰
aaaa the balloons have come at last
lmaao, that was really cute, i giggled when i saw it
both are fine!! as long as you've written something i'll read it 🥺 im trying to finish my work so i can take out time to read your namjin fic in one go
it'll be an open ending!!
there's no zombies!!! just them talking before they die
ive got such a great plot idea to go with this au, im going to try & write it for taegi week
for some reason im not getting email notifications so refreshing the ao3 page a hundred times it is 😔
it's an obsession at this point
i accept birthday gifts in the form of comments on my loveless au taegi fic 🙂
thank you so much!!!! 💜💜
oh happy belated birthday!!! i love tauruses!!! 💜 i hope you have a nice day!!
thank you so much!! 🥰🥰
thank you!!! 🥺🥺
thank you so much!!! that makes me really happy!! 🥰🥰🥰🥰
thank you!! ☺️☺️☺️
noooo lol i was kidding (a little) about the au, but thank you so much!!
thank you!!! ☺️
thank you!! i hope you do too 🥰
thank you!! if you're so happy then write me the hospital fic as a gift ☺️
thank you!!! 🥺🥺🥺
didn't even cut or candle, literally just woke up at 6, walked down the stairs like a zombie, saw cake, broke a chunk of it with my hands and ate
it's 6am & i gobbled up the cake my mother baked for me in secret last night
thank you so much 🥺🥺🥺
thank you!!! ☺️
thank you so much!!
thank you!! 🥰🥰
omg thank you so much!! i'm glad i introduced you to ao3, and thank you, please take care and stay safe
thank you ☺️ i hope you do too!!
thank you so much!!!!!!!! i'm really happy you like my stuff, thank you for reading, and please take care and stay safe 💜💜💜
thank you!! 🥺🥺
thank you so much!! i hope you have a wonderful day too, please take care and stay safe!! 💜
thank you!! ✨✨
thank you!! 🥰
thank you so much!!! ✨✨✨✨✨
thank you so much!! 🥰🥰
thank you!!! ✨✨✨
thank you!! ☺️
thank you!! 💜
thank you!!! ✨
thank you!! ✨✨✨
thank you!! 🥰🥰🥰
thank you so much!!! 🥺🥺🥺
thank you!! 🥺🥺
thank you so much!!! 💜💜💜💜
thank you!!!! 🥰🥰🥰
thank you so much !!! 😭😭😭
none if you leave me a nice heartfelt comment 🙂
yesss and did u see yoongis hand on tae's chest? rude
thank you!! ☺️ i'm glad you enjoyed it!!
thank you!! ☺️ im glad you liked it!!!
thank you!! and no it's okay!! ✨✨✨
omg that looks really good!!! thank you so much!!! 🥺🥺🥺
thank you!!! 🥰
thank you so much!!! ✨✨✨✨
thank you!!!! 🥰
thank you so much!!! 🥰🥰
thank you!!!! ✨✨✨
thank you!!! 🥺🥺
thank you!!! 🥰🥰🥰
thank you!!! yes it's been a good day (sorta) i hope you have a nice day too, please take care and stay safe!!! 💜
thank you so much!!!! ☺️
thank you!! and yess! ✨✨✨✨✨✨
yes it's been great i had cake!!! ✨✨✨✨✨✨
thank you! ✨✨✨
thank you!!! ✨✨✨
thank you for your hard work :)
what do you mean, it's been 25 minutes since the last taegi selca, we're already starving
you know what, you're absolutely right
and just like that my entire personality on this app is gone, what am i supposed to tweet about now
*nervous laughter*
i totally thought this was a prank 😭😭😭
haha taegi is alive :') as am i
just you listening is enough 😭 im actually conflicted this time because i want to both discuss the plot with you and keep it a surprise
would anyone be well versed in biological anthropology / evolutionary history of humans?? i want to discuss an aspect of my taegi week fic & if you wouldn't mind me occasionally slipping into your dms with silly questions :( please reply
it's just the way things are supposed to happen, i don't make the rules :)
hello indeed....
this one is going to be angsty angsty
thank you!! and no it's okay!! i wrote the thread fic first but i wasn't too happy with it so i revised it and posted it on ao3 instead
ahhh noo please i want the thread fic to be forgotten 😔 please read the ao3 version instead
it's not even been 2 weeks since i posted the fic, and im already working on the sequel (a prequel???) this is what a taegi selca does to you
it's a good thing that im writing a sequel then :)
his parents try to tell him violence isn't the right answer but his uncle seokjin teaches him how to throw a proper punch
i imagine a future in the loveless au where a moody teen koo comes back home with split lip and bruised knuckles from when he beats up kids in his class who say dumb shit about his parents
it's pretty much finished, i just want to post the one scene that'll even the ground between taehyung and yoongi. i think that'll give it a satisfactory ending
the loveless one bc that's the only one im not embarrassed of atm
im having mine & never felt a tweet like this one
i am working on a continuation! but it's going to be from yoongi's pov that touches upon some of the things from the past that haven't been revealed yet
this is so so so so good i'm so fucking excited
read it & you shall know :)
thank you for all your hard work!!! 🥺🥺🥺
loveless au taegi take jungkook to the science museum the day after, just a little scene i was daydreaming about before my nap.
yoongi's sequel to the loveless au or the zombie apocalypse one or the giveaway fic i still haven't finished or the excerpt of the final chapter of your silence
i can't choose which fic to work on, why do i have so many wips *shakes fist at the sky*
ohohohohohohogojgghoooi i am ready for this
i'll just reveal this ☺️
it's not baby vampire but there's this really nice vamp taehyung fic
it's the opposite this time 😂 im trying to get her to write a hospital au for me but it's not going well. please help me bully her
best of luck!!!
— no i don't think i am, at least not yet. i have a lot of small tidbits of plots that i like and i tweet them occasionally but they aren't enough to be full fledged fics on their own …
which one should i focus on first, details under the tweet
i have decided to start using the 'mark for later' feature. let's see how long it lasts
i will, later today? when i feel more neutral about it. i watched 8 episodes of the drama too, and i have a lot to say about it
🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰
well hold tight to this because there's only angst to come now 🙂
💜💜💜
this music stresses me out so much
i hope you enjoy it! ☺️
nooo don't read the thread fic, i revised it and posted the whole story on ao3 instead.
please leave me alone. and don't wrap me in this agenda when i have not even said the man's name. i saw fans harassing creators who talked about a legitimate issue of not crediting content creators, hence my tweet.
please read my little fic and leave something nice to say. im too antsy to go to sleep
i dipped my toes in the tl for the first time in weeks, and im back to stay in my little fic bubble.
my tweet is not about taehyung or this particular artist though. it's about fans justifying not giving credit to creators.
not going to get into the whole discourse, but everyday i'm more and more convinced of just how little respect people have for content creators in this fandom
thank you!! ✨✨
best of luck!!! ✨✨✨
thank you so much!! 😭
thank you!! 🥺🥺🥺
— hello! i think this is as good a time to tell as any, but i will not be continuing the fic. i spent today…
thank you anon!! please know im sending a couple your way too :)
omg this is really a shot of serotonin
this isn't something to celebrate, but im oddly reassured 😭 so thank you?
yes ive decided to not take myself too seriously.
im going to think of a taegi au in the next ten minutes. i refuse to be controlled by this dumb needless emotion
ive been sad for the entire past fucking year and im done. im getting rid of this emotion. i refuse to be sad.
yes im learning 😔
this. you said it. i keep feeling awful when i compare myself with old friends and peers. im still trying to gain my confidence back and learn that there is no metric to life experiences.
thank you, that actually made me think and realise i do keep waiting and thinking that i'll be happy when a particular condition becomes true, but im just stuck in this state of unhappiness. im going to work on changing that from now on. 😔
i hope so!! thank you, it's just nice to know im not the only one like this
nice 😔
oh nice. im ignoring all my problems and correcting all the commas in my fic
i will remind you for sure
i... that shouldn't be reassuring, but im glad to know im not alone
we're the same age, haha nice 😔 glad to know im not alone
does anyone in their 20s actually have their shit together, need some reassurance.
hello from the same anon... we (i think not just me but other fans of your work also) definitely don't expect you… — thank you so much!! i do want to write the excerpt because it's my favourite scene of the fic lol, and it's unarguably…
mango i want to send you lots of love ❤️❤️❤️❤️ — thank you!!! 💛
i don't use telegram but you can scream at me here 😔
thank you!! i'm glad you enjoyed it 💛
im learning it's the same for everyone 😔 i already graduated and now i have no clue what to do
the university grants commission of my country said that the degree that was actually awarded by a foreign university didn't follow all the regulations of the country or something like that. idk. im still looking into it :/
yeah, i was under the impression i was not prepared enough but im learning that no one knows what they're doing
im 23, and same. but looking at the replies tells me there are a lot of people going through this. it's a little reassuring to know that we're not alone :(
ah, im in the same boat. i tried to go for masters instead but i found out my degree was rendered invalid in my country and going out of the country right now is :) so you're not alone, if that helps?
this shit just never gets over is what ive learnt 😔
im sorry, but all my tweet has taught me is that we're not alone :( which is not really a good thing but it's reassuring
i turned 23 just a few days back and found out the degree i'd been slaving away for four years was made invalid, so let's hope both of us gain some clarity soon 😔
im sorry :( let's hope for better days for both of us
thank you. i know sadness is normal too, but im just tired you know? and having control over things makes me feel better, and i felt good after a long time today so im just making the decision to stop being sad. stuff just becomes simpler. but thank you for your kind words 💛
lmao, yes the fancy imposter syndrome. we think we're the only ones going through things and everyone just magically has their life figured out. im finding out a lot of people are struggling just like me, and even though that's not nice, it's good to know im not alone :(
yeah im seeing that 😔
im sorry :(
thank you 😭😭😭😭😭😭 this is what i needed
thank you!! i was feeling depressed but just knowing that a lot of people go through the same experience kinda helps?
otp is priority
i stayed up all night reading fanfiction  *deads*
sometimes i don t know whether it's my hair or an insect on my arm
someone pls buy my wip's and do smth with them bc i know for sure i wont
if youre not sure what to do or tweet right now, go through this doc. it is a comprehensive compilation of all resources — petitions, donations, instructions, phone numbers, email templates, etc.
there is another official petition to raise the degree and remove bail for this murderer! please sign, it only takes a moment to do so. and don't forget to verify your signature through the mail!
please continue to sign petitions undefined help spread awareness. this carrd has helpful links for donations too, if that is something you can do.
like i wasn't mad already, this just takes the fucking cake
thank you 🥺 that's really sweet, i don't mind anything really, but if something comes to my mind i'll tell you!! you said that you don't get much time between studies, so please take care of yourself first!!
unfortunately not :( i'm going through a weird rut and can't seem to write anything. so i bullied myself into coming up with a short plot idea instead :(
thank you 😭 and lol i know that feeling. i haven't been able to write anything in the past month
omg no i haven't! but i love murder mysteries and 58k omygod, im going to be up all night, thank you so much!!!
you wouldn't be getting anything in that swap 😔
omg that's just as good! thank you!! 😭
i really want someone to gift me a fic :(
take it, there's just a little left of it anyway 😔
yea
that's so cute 😭😭😭😭😭
because i always call yoongi "yoongo my mango" my mom took to it as well & now every mango in my house is lovingly called yoongi
each time i come on this app, somehow things have impossibly gotten worse and worse
read it its so so good
oh my ygod you need to drop everything and read it
im absolutely fucking perished and i haven't even made it to the end of the chapter
i am officially only a warfic stan account
150k of yearning and finally they kiss
oh my fucking god
oh my god they kissed
thank you! i am!
thank you!! i get what you mean, the process is always hard no matter how much you may like the plot. but you also barely remember it by the end of it. hopefully it'll all be worth it in the end
it's far from it, i was crying while planning the outline :(
it's okay 😭 i just like to whine occasionally, don't take me seriously
thank you!! i hope so too!
thank you!! im going to sleep and try again tomorrow!!
lmao (ask me again in august ☺️)
i have the entire plot planned, the graphics made, and the draft of the dialogue written, but the actual fic is just 😔
and this one, yoongi's sequel to the loveless au, hasn't even made it past three paragraphs 😔
it's actually really cute!! don't mind the tags! there was a weird creature that looked stoned and plants in your header and idk 😂
i wanna do this again! reply under this tweet & i'll rec you a fic that i feel matches with your layout ✨
tbh i hate it too
thank you so much!! 😊 i'm glad you enjoy my stories!
i am aware
enough of exactly this— 🤡
why are we still talking about a taegi subunit, haven't you all had enough 😔
send some my way please 😔
it's going to be angst from start to end 😔 i'm simply writing it to give a better insight into yoongi's actions and why he left taehyung. because it was not possible to explain it from tae's pov alone
😭😭😭😭😭😭
it's my favorite vmon fic and it's really good!!!
i screamed when i saw your layout!! it's my favorite fic to exist! and they matched perfectly!
it really does!!
no it was okay! 😂 you're still better than most, my brain is doing mental gymnastics trying to think of fics to match the most bizarre layouts
they're private right now, so you need to follow them to read!
they're private atm, you'll need to follow them to read the fic
i learn something new & unnecessary everyday
i'll reply to the ones that remain after i wake up! my mind cannot think anything at this moment
yep a kakegurui au but without the dumb fetishes
it's got a happy ending!! and there is little angst, i promise! i hope you enjoy it 💛
this wasn't meant to be a promotion gimmick 😭 but the taegi photoshoot in your header reminds me of nothing but my own fic
this one is good!!
yoongi's loveless au sequel is making some progress but i can't tell if that's a good thing or not :(
im near it too, it's so inefficient. there are millions of fans and a ton of questions with so many options; finding songs written in korean takes a lot of time during which the system crashes. idk why they'd try to collect data this way.
i cannot write
yeah im thinking about how to make it work :/
im thinking about it!! i still need to come up with an intuitive navigation system for people too browse and search for fics which is hard to do on this platform :/
im sorry! i was struggling to find a fic that matches the summer fling and beaches vibe i got from your layout. but i think this one is good!!
but yoongi is familiar with his attempts to purposely rile him up, and he narrows his eyes in warning.  however, before he can speak, taehyung is interrupted by loud roar of cheering and whooping.
he looks as if he's going to tease him some more, because for some fucking reason that probably doesn't make sense anywhere except in his own brain, taehyung seems to enjoy watching yoongi squirm with that diabolical smirk of his.
im writing. very slowly.
"the time of my fucking life." yoongi replies, flat and sarcastic and with just as little inflection.  taehyung meets his eyes briefly, lips pulled in a teasing smile.
"having fun?" taehyung asks; it's a drawl of a tone, flat and disinterested and very fucking attractive.  yoongi gives him a sidelong glance, only barely lifting his head to do so. he can already feel his mouth curling with an annoyance that is known to accompany taehyung.
yoongi is trying to pay attention to the game, but it's near impossible to do with his cheek resting on taehyung's shoulder and taehyung's arm draped around his shoulders in a way that yoongi supposes is meant to look protective, but it makes yoongi feel anything but protected.
im going to cry seriously 😭😭😭😭 thank you!!
omg thank you 😭 i take plot very seriously. it's the one thing that always attracted me to writing. and what you said about unpredictability too!! i love subversions and unusual plotlines and i always want to write something that is original
thank you 💛💛💛💛💛
yes!! thank you! this is so validating honestly because trope subversion is something i always aim to write. this makes me really happy, thank you 💛
thank you!! that's so sweet 😭 i'm glad you like my build up because i'm always scared that it'll turn boring at a point. suspense too is something i want to explore further in my stories.
i'm a bitch for plot lmao. and i despise shallow character motivations but that also means i can't write anything shorter than 20k 😔
thank you!! characterisations aren't easy for me, but i'm the sort who dissects and analyses every emotion irl too, so my characters turn out like that as well.
thank you!! plot fabricating is like the only thing i am honestly confident about!
im struggling to find confidence in my writing, does anyone want to answer this for me
actually im thinking of writing a small something for it
anime-esque plots with gay power couple namjin and a seokjin who's lost his mind. also a godly blend of humor and mystery, that i only trust you with.
engaged chaebol heirs who can't stand each other but have to go on "dates" set up by their parents for the gossip columns to eat up.   on one of their dates to a basketball game, the kiss cam pans then zooms into them & they have no choice but to kiss.
because it's so fucking sad. i keep writing & crying 😭
he quickly looks back up to meet taehyung's eyes. "our parents—"  "they'll get over it." taehyung cuts him off, so firm and sure that yoongi's heart kicks inside his chest fondly.
im writing!!! actually i was but then i got distracted by the discography ranking 😂
meet me on the rooftop kay?
otherwise i will commit heinous crimes
moon
but taehyung looks sincere, and it throws yoongi off because it's not a look he's seen on him.  "we kinda have to." yoongi whispers, breathless at the closeness. he can't help the way his eyes are drawn to taehyung's lips for a brief moment of curiosity.
yoongi almost snorts in response.  it's why they're here to begin with, so that the media can take a few photos of the newly engaged couple that everyone is raving about, and their parents can get off their backs for a few weeks.
yoongi can see the treacherous blush flaring under his skin, how it creeps up his neck and ears and splatters across his cheeks for everyone to see  "we don't have to." taehyung says quietly as he twists around in his seat to face him.
the frame of cartoon hearts around them certainly adds to the strangeness of seeing himself on the giant screen, tucked under taehyung's arm and with a ring on his finger that matches taehyung's.
but yoongi feels taehyung's fingers tightening their grip around his shoulder, an unexpected contrast to the bashful smile he has painted on his lips for the cameras to catch.   and yoongi doesn't know what taehyung wants or expects from him.
a peppy girl group song starts to play in the stadium, and the cheers grow louder.  on the screen, they look like every other couple, shy and hesitant at the unexpected attention.
yes! im writing it in little bits and posting them side by side
kiss cams don't happen where i live; in fact, couples get beaten up by the police on valentines day, so let us all pretend that i know what i'm talking about
his first emotion, surprisingly, isn't embarrassment.  it's anger, because he's well aware that this isn't candid. that the stunt was very much orchestrated by their parents for a lovely scoop in the magazines.
yoongi's head snaps up from where it was resting on taehyung's shoulder when he catches sight of the giant screen.   because, instead of the court, the camera had now panned to the crowd in what is a popular social pastime that yoongi has heard about but foolishly didn't expect.
and while that shouldn't be surprising, because they're in a sports stadium, it doesn't take long to gather that the cheering has very little to do with the game and much to do with them.
what is college what is life
i was supposed to sleep, but a thing: loveless au taehyung dyed his hair frequently during college. this is what i imagine him looking like when yoongi met him for the first time
ah it's 6am i should sleep. good night ✨✨✨
wait oh..... oh okay oh my god i've been crying about moon for the past hour this is embarrassing
moon...
ok this i accept
moon ☺️
i'll update the rest after i wake up!! 😊
he has always wondered how the crew picked its targets; it is obvious that the camera lands only on straight couples.  had their parents not set up the entire stunt, yoongi wonders when a kiss cam would ever have a gay couple in its frame.
he's ready to move on from the whole fiasco when he catches something that he'd missed before.  right behind them sits a couple with matching frowns on their faces. and while it could be due to several other factors, yoongi is pretty sure he knows what their problem is.
and yoongi considers it, letting the crew pan to another willing couple to entertain the crowd.   but there's still a lingering feeling of a missed opportunity that itches him like an old scab.
he glances at the giant screen once again; he knows that they're lingering in hopes of coaxing them into a giving a more scandalous performance, and that they'll cut away to another couple eventually anyway.
taehyung doesn't seem to care about the crowd chanting for them to "kiss! kiss!" since he's pulling away as abruptly as he came, and yoongi can't deny the sting of disappointment that flares up in his chest.
yes this i shall accept
but taehyung's lips simply press against his forehead in a soft brief kiss.  there's a loud roar of disapproval from the crowd, and yoongi blinks his eyes back open in surprise.
taehyung must take his silence as answer because he leans forward, and yoongi's heart starts to beat at an alarming pace.  taehyung's palm skims up his shoulder to gently cup the curve of his neck, and yoongi squeezes his eyes shut in a rush of anticipation.
now why did you have to do this.
everything was fine until that whale came, and then i was bawling
it;s so pretty and painful
they are so cute, name them mango and blue
thank you!! ✨✨
but yoongi doesn't want to peck and part like other couples do.  putting on a show isn't in his nature, but he does enjoy making people uncomfortable, and perhaps that is why he curls his fingers in taehyung's shirt and pulls him in for a firmer, deeper kiss.
taehyung's lips are soft, and he tastes fleetingly like the strawberry chapstick yoongi had seen him apply a couple minutes prior to the game.  the kiss isn't anything grand, just a warm press of taehyung's lips against his; and it only lasts a moment before taehyung pulls away.
instead, he closes the little distance between them and tips his head to the side to bring their lips together in a kiss.  the crowd roars in applause, but yoongi can hardly hear them over the frantic pulse of his own heart thundering between his ears.
he doesn't wait, doesn't allow himself to talk himself out of it, doesn't waste time pulling taehyung in and meeting him halfway.  he pauses only when their lips are almost touching, giving taehyung a chance to pull away if he wants to.  taehyung doesn't.
it is for a greater cause, he thinks as he twists around and grabs taehyung by the neck, keeping him from pulling away any further.  taehyung pauses, and yoongi can see the surprise and confusion on his face.
yoongi tells himself that this is for the sake of representation, for confident role models to inspire the youth; it is for the downfall of heteronormativity, and it has nothing to do with the way his forehead is tingling in the wake of taehyung's lips against his skin.
but there's also a part of him—an exceedingly petty and vindictive part of him—that wants to shove a middle finger in the face of every bigot in the audience.  there is little time left. most of the audience is beginning to lose interest, and the cheers are dying down.
yoongi is not a fan of open affection; he's usually a private person and would never like for his intimate moments to be broadcasted on a live video feed for everyone in the massive stadium to watch.
i don't know why i do it either 😔
omg 😭 i'll be really grateful. i can't do digital art but this idea would look so cute as a comic
someone please draw me a fanart for this
taehyung was always a bird! he turns into a human because he makes a wish on a falling star (hoseok)!!
featuring namjoon, the magical potted plant kept on yoongi's windowsill who grows when yoongi hums to him.   and hoseok, the falling star who granted taehyung's wish to be able to hold yoongi in his arms like the way yoongi holds him.
yes it becomes their thing. taehyung will twist and lean over and press his nose to yoongi's forehead and smile. and yoongi's cheeks will burn deep red.
nah seokjin is a bully. he cackles & flies off.
oh oh
nasty eagle seokjin bullying little birdie maknae line is something that i need
yoongi gently scolds him and nurses him back to health. taehyung burrows inside yoongi's palms and sleeps in his bed.  next morning, yoongi wakes up with his palms around a very gorgeous and a very naked man's hips.
taehyung is very excited and loud for a little bird and loves to go on adventures with his best friend birdies jimin and jungkook, but after a dangerous encounter with a nasty eagle, seokjin, taehyung hurts his wing.
little birdie taehyung au where he likes to fly into prince yoongi's bedroom and peck at his forehead while he sleeps
yum🥢
i'm going to read this asap it's like 5am but who tf cares
if you still have questions regarding the fic, my cc is open!
this is for   who has remained with me throughout this whole fic. thank you so much for everything you've done for me, and this is a little gift from me to you. i hope you like it 😊
this scene follows yoongi undefined jungkook hash out a peace treaty.
part ii
i said it before too, but i will not be posting the final chapter to your silence.   but here is a small excerpt of it instead; it is what i intended the final scene to be, and i hope this can finally bring some closure to this fic. part i
thank you!! 😭
😂😂😂 you're cute
thank you 🥺🥺
thank you ✨✨✨✨
must be the other annie
yeaassss
that's totally okay!! i'll be glad if this can inspire you to learn too, that's meaningful in itself!! best of luck!
omg no, forget it ever existed. i hate my writing in it.
mango, i always grateful for all your works 🥰🥰 — thank you!!! 💛
i reaaaallly lloovved reading ypur royall taegi au on ao3 it was reallly amzing — thank you so much for reading!!
this was actually the first scene i'd thought of when i began writing this fic, and it remains my favorite scene too. i'm glad i finally got to post it.  the actual inspiration & performance is by yoko ono that you can watch here:
thank you for reading!! 😊😊
omg thank you so much!!!! the little pink blush on yoongi's cheekies 🥺🥺🥺
this is so sweet 🥺🥺🥺🥺
hi i just read the final post for your silence and i loved it the way the story came full circle was !!! — thank you!! the intention of the fic was to have a callback to the initial scene in order to even out the constant disbalance…
i just want to say ur writing is wonderful!!! and im looking forward to whatever you post next 💗 — thank you!! im working on a fic that im really excited about. it'll be posted on taegi week…
when are we gonna be able to read the last chapter of your silence is my favorite sound? 👉👈 — i posted an except from the chapter on my twitter!
take care, it'll be amazing if you participate but even if you don't, that's completely alright too!! writing fics, first and foremost, is for yourself so do whatever is the best for you!!
you're really pretty gosh ✨✨✨✨✨✨
thank you so much!!! im sorry i couldn't write the whole chapter, but this last scene was very meaningful to me so i wanted to post it separately. and im really happy you liked the ending statement because it's my favorite too :)
ex-group mates yoongi & taehyung play a game of truth or tequila on a live broadcast
i think everyone knows that by now 🙂
a happy donkey to cheer you up!!
that is the correct answer. thank you.
thank you but it really takes a lot of self restraint from me not to delete or orphan the entire thing...
thank you but no, do not do that. i tried it and i do not recommend it.
no don't read it again. i beg you
lmao i do not doubt you
then you must know that i deliberately did not add it. those two are scary to write together 😭
unfortunately it will 🙁
i want to try writing for smaller ships, like taejin or vhope, why don't they have fics 😔
honestly my fic will not make you happier 😔
lmao no it's a whole zombie. but tae is a biologist & yoongi is an anthropologist and they study and cut up zombies everyday so it shouldn't be too bad. besides ive learnt the best way to deal with something strange is to have the characters point out that its strange and move on
lmao yes you're making points
a fair point, i'll just work with it.
does a dead zombie kill the mood 🤔
originally i had ex-husbands taegi trapped in an elevator in the middle of a zombie apocalypse as they talked about their honest feelings in the last 30 minutes of their lives.  but now the plot requires a dead body to be there in the elevator as well.
is anyone still interested in taegi kissing
dont fuck me, hug me    the list    but not for me    i (super) like you
wherefore art thou kim taehyung?    this is our fate, im yours    flowers for my darling
this is such a cute idea. im sorry im going to spam this entire thread
the latest run episode that aired today!!
omg just dm me whenever you want fics!! wait ill send you some rn
in no particular order— it happened quiet, a gentle sound, and breathless.
lmao
i've actually read a couple of really good vmon fics, wait a sec
nooooooo i don't deserve this ohmygod im going to finish all my shit & make time to read it all in a go!!
yeah i didn't know they were a thing either 😭
thank you!! im going to eat something & sleep
thank you 😭
nope. i think ive forgotten how to sleep
thinking about it but im sure ive forgotten how to sleep
pretty fucking awful, but i haven't slept in 2 days and i couldn't give a half a fuck. i have another one in less than 24 hours & i wanna die
i just finished a 31 hour exam, where should i go to die
i just read make it right and i wanted you to know that this fic (one-shot ?) is incredible, you’re — hello! thank you so much!! it's really a compliment that the writing was able to…
thank you for your kind words. i do still like the plot and story and characters. but because english isn't my first language, and i'm still working on improving the quality of my writing, i do find the writing of my previous stuff pretty awful.
reading fanfiction while you sit across your grandmother talking about arranging your marriage is another kind of mood
how do you find the cutest of these? it melts my heart each time
thinking...
yesss read it read it.
omg you've got to read ihq right away it's my favourite taegi fic, i'm not kidding.
it happened quiet    and i fall    heart of the matter    ships in the night    7 days in fairyland
thank you!!
oh please send it to me!! i love taejin and im constantly looking for their fics 😭
🍓
you'll be the first i'll tell 😭
my next goal after finishing these 2 wips is to write a creepy mystery horror fic
for the best & for the worst
i don't think canon is a requirement. the prompt is "piggybacks" so as long as that is the center of the plot, i don't think it'll matter what the setting is.
i don't read much of smut, but this one is too sweet & wonderful
im late but!!!  breathless    see on both sides like chanel    the winged wonder    the great pretender
thank you 😭 but i have another one in a few hours
apparently 😔 they had me write 2 essays and a project that would typically take me a month to finish in college, all in 31 hours with no food and sleep. i wanna die, i have another exam in 8 hours
-and then kindly asked me to leave bc otherwise they "would have to report" me wow i feel blessed
i was moving out of my apartment in a week anyway but 2 of my neighbours came and asked me if i was a "lesbian?"
i showed my crush pics of bts and she said she liked tae and yoongi where's my wedding dress
i want to enter whiteboards and draw them some tentacle porn and leave
taegi au where yoongi is being forced to marry an alpha of his parents' choice, and on the day of the wedding, his ex-boyfriend taehyung shows up at the celebration in a red suit, his hair dyed to match the color—one that is only worn to mean that he's slept with the omega.
you're gorgeous ✨✨
my best au
whoever runs the   acct has my whole heart
oh no no i didn't intend to say that you're wrong either. fics have always been a gray area, and this is just my personal belief. i don't want you to think that im saying that what you're doing isn't morally incorrect or anything like that. it's subjective.
im sorry :( but i always feel weird about writing about real events. the text is a meaningful memory for them, and i feel like i'm twisting the narrative for shipping purposes. it may not be that deep, but it doesnt feel right to me. so i deleted the tweet right after i posted it
thank you for everything, even though you're so busy im really grateful you answer all of my dumb dms 🥺
thank you!! ✨✨✨
trope subversion!! ✨✨✨
toxic mafia aus, fake relationships with reasoning that hardly sound rational, enemies to lovers where things that shouldn't be forgiven are forgiven, and fwbs
planning the one big mama plot and then the little baby duckling sub-plots to go with it
i know right? i can't even remember when i last wrote a paragraph in a go and was immediately satisfied with it
i will draw you some tentacle porn if you want :)
i miss those days honestly
getting better at writing doesn't make you write any faster, in fact you get slower because you hold higher expectations and have to work twice as hard to meet them now. or is this just me
they're all taegi!! i hope you feel better soon 💛
yoongi
yes you will 😔 not at this bit, but later. this is a sad af fic
thank you, i can't wait to reach the finished product either 😭 this is the slowest ive been while writing a fic
i have a plot planned but my current wips are killing me 😔
3 idiots! yes!!
i imagine it's to ruin the wedding and shove a middle finger in the other alpha's face. and i imagine kook ready as the getaway driver as tae convinces yoongi to run away with him.
no i just learnt about this old etiquette– how in a few countries, wearing red to a wedding sends the message that you've slept with the groom. and i got this idea, maybe i'll write it later when i have an idea of how to take it forward
you asked for it
do you like it????
make one. ill do it. don't test me
there's no space!!! wait lemme look
i'm so excited!!!
now this is the content i like to see on my tl 😌
you may be onto something 😔
thank you 🥺✨✨✨
well this fic would be right up your alley then. if i ever manage to finish it 😔
💛💛💛💛
the ambiguous ending is that option, it leaves all possibilities open. it's the one im gonna go with most probably
now why would you want that 😔
thank you 🥺 but im getting slower & slower while writing. it's taken me over 20 days just to write 2.5k
that is a possibility too, unlikely but it's there
im considering the ending for one of my wips!
the fic is literally: tae almost dies saving yoongi, tae almost dies again, they're both going to die, tae asks yoongi to kill him, yoongi refuses, then yoongi threatens to kill taehyung, but can't do it, ot7 can save them but they don't, they change their mind but it's too late—
im sorry 🥺 i chose the worst plot for this fic and now im just going with it
you never disappoint. i love it.
im most probably going to go for the open ending, but you'll all want the rest of the members to die by the end of the fic
taegi die together, but the rest of ot7 um
honestly im probably going to go for the ambiguous ending, but those of you not clicking on the ot7 dying option are going to regret it a little
consider: rest of ot7 is indirectly involved in taegi's death
quick question: which do you prefer?
thank you!! that sounds really interesting!!!
shush 😂
thank you!! 💛💛💛 i'm really happy you liked it, and thank you for all the lovely recs! there's a few of them i haven't read yet, and i'll definitely check them all out!!
oh wow that sounds amazing 😭 i haven't read it yet but i'm definitely going to read it as soon as i can find time to read something long 😭!! thank you!!
wow thank you!! i didn't expect to see my own fic here 😂 but i'm glad you liked it!!
that's definitely an amazing fic! i've read it twice too and i love it. it's so original and vivid, and like you said, i can totally understand where the characters come from. i really liked their take on academic elitism too, it made me reconsider my own education system.
no that's amazing, i'm glad you were able to change your outlook through that fic, it's one of my favorites too! it's so fresh and positive, and like you said, it has a very nice and calming depiction of a relationship.
a classic ✨✨ it's really lovely, thank you i'm probably going to re-read it tonight!!
white chalk is a favorite of mine too ✨ and ohmygod i still haven't read scrapbook 🗿
omg i've been looking for that flower yoongi fic, and how have i not read any of those. i need to fix that immediately!
thank you for all your recs!!! i've read several of those, and i have yet to read detectives for hire and take me into your skin so i'll do that!!
thank you!! i've read both of them and they're really really good! and i kinda get what you mean, fries & mixtape gives me a calming vibe too.
thank you so much for your recs, i haven't read this one & seasons so i'll do that, thank you!! i'm really thankful you shared your thoughts and why these works are meaningful to you.
i'm really sorry to hear that, but i've read that fic and it's really sweet!!
thank you!! and lmao i've seen people confuse my fic with say my name because of that.  and a gentle sound is my favorite fic too!!!
thank you!! i love both of them!
could you all please reply with a few of your favorite taegi fics — fics that made you feel seen / taught you something new / changed your opinion about something / touched you in some way, or it doesn't have to be deep, just a few taegi fics that you love?
this is the slowest ive been 😭 but this is also my favorite fic. why
after a month of consistently writing every day, i have 4k written 😔
taehyung be like "i know a spot" and then gently straps his yoongi rock to his bicycle and takes him there
gonna get those chinese characters tattooed on my forehead for my mom to see
i got the notification of a new message on my cc but my inbox shows nothing. this is the second time this is happening. so if someone sent me a message just now, im sorry i can't see it :(
thank you 😭😭😭 i'm really happy you enjoy my stories!!
i love white chalk 😭 time to go read it again!!
oh it does sound really calming!! thank you, i'm going to read this!!
i've read all but the last one! they're all so good, i have so many feelings for we're like parallel lines, it was one of my first few taegi fics, and all of fadetomorrow's fics are gems. thank you so much!!
oh a lot of my friends have recommended this, and it sounds really interesting, i'm going to read it really soon!! thank you!!
oh i remember this fic, i couldn't finish it at the time but thank you, i'll read it again now!!
thank you!! i've yet to read a few of those! i'm going to read them all during this week!
oh i've seen it around but i don't think i've read it yet! thank you, i'm going to read it since you liked it so much!!
for some reason i'm unable to write taegi as boyfriends. its marriage or nothing. arranged marriage? loveless marriage? fake married? engagement or divorce? fuck yeah. woke up married? common-law marriage au where they live together for so long that they accidentally get married?
your art is really cute!!✨✨ (and thank you!!)
this is adorable nooooo
that's so scary, im so glad you're both fine
oh my god is she fine???
before writing lol, because im too lazy to actually start writing so i just pretend  that im getting shit done but im actually just going through random song lyrics
it's my favorite plot ive worked with so i'm really excited too!!
ive made progress!! it's almost 6k today ✨
omg that's really fucking weird lol, but also good for a plot. i'm gonna look into it, thank you, i don't know shit about common law marriages.
it goes on till tae eventually asks him out on a date 🥺  yoongi keeps trying to muster up the courage to tell him during their date. but at the end of the night, when he's finally about to tell him, tae leans in and kisses him on the forehead, and yoongi suddenly has no thoughts
i'm sure there are other clauses to it, like intent, but it's an au where shit like that doesn't matter because it's my story and i'll do whatever the hell i want lol.
maybe tae mistake him for a fan? and yoongi gets flustered and red?  "ah.. actually i'm uh—yes."
tell him he's doing really well!! 🥺
it's true, if you want taegi fics to read check these out:
omg please don't read that series 😭 my writing is awful there
lmao it's okay!! im glad you liked it 😊
the ao3 has a lot more added to it if you wish to read it!!
i wrote one :<
💛💛💛💛
unfortunately i don't have a funny bone in my body 😔 i tend to dramatize things a lot, so tense plots suit me more
yes 😳
lmaoo yes i want to give it a try, i'll brainstorm to come up with a plot to go with it
yes, angst is all i know 🙂
i promise i will write all taegi marriage prompts
you don't have to, i'm planning to write it!! ✨✨
it's really funny!!! i haven't laughed this hard in all of 2020
this reminds me of your loveless au vampire husba… — yes!!! that is them!
me too ☺️
of course, another gift for you 💛💛💛
expeditiously lol
congratulations!!!! ✨✨✨✨
today's run episode was a gem omygod, i haven't laughed this much in the entire year
lmao, i see you caught us 😂
yes, i like the idea a lot so i'm going to work on this when i'm finished with my current two wips!! ✨
it's my brand now 😌
yes!!!! im excited to read it! soft taegi is ✨✨✨✨✨
i have an interview in 17 minutes asdfghjjkl
all your tweets have been ghostwritten by me
there's something so heart-warming about the vocal line singing "and you're going to be happy" with such conviction like they're sure of it, and it truly makes me happy
hey, no, it's okay if you want to take some time off, it's okay even if you block people who make you feel bad about yourself, you should be in control of your experience here, and you're not some bot churning out fics. please take care, and don't put yourself down like that.
holy shit im in love
here you go!
it's so so so good and it's 4am and i have filter playing in my room and everything is perfect
im reading this vmin arranged marriage fic, and you don't know how close i am to losing it. this is so good, it is everything i wanted but don't deserve
im a warfic solo stan only
you told me you loved me 💛
but you can't do it, can you?
i just wanted to make a protractor seokjin but
thank you 💛💛💛
thank you ✨✨
eat me 😔
🥺🥺
thank you, you're really kind 🥺
thank you!!
thank you!! the interview did go well!! ✨✨
thank you!! ✨✨✨
yep, it reaches past my navel 😊
💛💛💛
some photos because im happy today
it was such a wonderful fic, its one of my favorites ✨✨
if anyone remembers the drama about my degree being invalid: i pestered the college long enough that they allowed me to sit for the next round of examinations, i passed those and i had my interview just now. it went well (i think) so hopefully???? ill be accepted for masters ✨
thank you!! 💛💛💛
it's for my masters!! thank you!! ✨
thank you!! i did do well!
yes i did ✨✨✨ thank you
i did it!! it was really nice!!
jasons updated but i ain't ready to read this
yall need to read this
let's watch this fandom streaming this 10min mv to increase views
there's sick action sequence so im not complaining
ok but what is bap doing
everyone should get a sore throat when i get a sore throat
yoonseok is that one ship everyone lowkey ships
yes!! i finished reading it just two days back and its so so good!
nooooo im really dying, this au has my whole heart
maybe when i've finished writing all the other fics you've requested 😭
go away
thank you!!! it sounds lovely so ill read it tomorrow, and im always in need of fics lol.  but thank you for this!! 😊
thank you so much ✨✨
thank you!!! the summary sounds right up my alley
yes i have!! im always up to read it again, thank you!! ✨
thank you!! 💛💛
thank you!! it's just some good old body dysphoria i haven't had in a while, but i will feel better when i wake up
never, you mean? 😭 i will block you
noo we don't get a selca even in aus, what fresh hell is this
i had to watch some bts content to break the illusion of the fic, that's how good it was! thank you for sharing it with us, and im really looking forward to how it all pans out! i hope you have a nice day 💛
this is so brilliant; a resistance fighters au that i did not deserve. ive not read a military fic this intense and detailed. and i am still reeling from the plot twist towards the end ;-;
nooo 😂😂 not economics
you're the second person to say history, wow, i do enjoy it!! mostly as a personal interest though
oh that's surprising, i did have a short module on art history but like that's about it lol
this is the first fic i felt genuine fear while reading, it's so wonderfully written
if you ever saw me on college campus, what would you imagine i was studying?
i'd write you everything you want, but i'm writing like 7 words a day so it's a little difficult 😔
oh yes!! you'd recommended it to me before as well!! i have the tab open still lol. thank you!! i will read it ✨✨
oh yes!! a lot of my friends have recommended the fic to me!! thank you, i will read it!!! 💛
if you have any recs, send them my way! i'll read them & add them to the thread
fuck.
yep, they fucked up her pronouns too. and i got into dumb arguments about it with teenagers online. but yeah itaewon class was trash.
yeah it was pretty awful, especially the younger female lead. everything about her was infuriating.
i want to read a gladiator themed taegi fic and im gonna do this awful thing called writing it myself
congrats!!! ✨✨✨
yes i have no self control, i post it as soon as im done. and then for the next 17 days i sink in shame as i find more and more errors with every subsequent reading.
do you go and edit your fic 47 more times after you've already posted it or are you normal?
pretty as always 🥺✨✨✨
take care!! 💛
thank you so much!! i'm really glad you enjoyed it, i think every creator hates their past work, it's just part of the process. the fic is really meaningful to me, but i'm working on other stuff now so i hope you'll enjoy those as well!
architecture sounds so cool, i wish i had the talent for it ._.
why does everyone think that???
noooooooooooo
creative writing... i wish ;_; and i would die than go for business or engineering lol
yes! ✨
! ! ! ! ! !
and this   i have nothing to offer apart from this
thank you!!! 💛💛💛💛
you already bring the weirdest shit to my dms, please spare my tl at least 😂
it's okay! i get it!! thank you ✨
omygod
thank you!! but it's not abo?
thank you 🥺🥺
😂😂😂😂
please take care!! if you ever want to talk to someone, you can dm me 💛 i hope you feel better soon!!
yes i understand, i just really want to post it during taegi week :( hopefully it'll work out somehow
thank you!! i'll see what happens, hopefully i'll be able to finish it because it's ~15k but it's very science intensive and requires a ton of research :(
thank you!! 💛 but i really do want to post it for taegi week. hopefully it'll all work out somehow :(
thank you!! i know it's not supposed to be stressful, but i genuinely am passionate about this story and really want to post it for taegi week. hopefully it'll all work out like i want it to, but even if it doesn't, thank you!! i'll try not to take it too seriously
fear of failure and loss of control of life after marriage, patriarchy, consent, respect, distrust, self esteem
i serve to deliver angst at every consumer's doorstep 😔
please, the 400k worth of yearning 😔
nooooo no no it's all very soft, don't be scared, this is the softest fic
please, all of my wips are crying
i don't even do it deliberately. it just...happens
i read it twice every week to relive the experience
they both think the other is a reincarnation, like the fools they are
will i ever run out of taegi marriage prompts? the answer is no
taegi au where vampire yoongi bumps into a stranger in a grocery store aisle—someone who looks just like his dead husband from the 1860s who met an accident and supposedly died.
yes, i talk of nothing else on this account 😌
no fic can top this moment for me
thank you!! i'm not the only one then 💛
i see no lie 🥰
[sobbing] yess
seokjin!!! ✨✨
ohmygod im screaming
i'll join you 😌
noooo it's really good and well written, a rare genre too, you should definitely read it!!
fuck this still gives me the chills
yes taegi authors seem to be very fond of obliteration
thank you ✨✨✨✨
my absolute favourite!!
taegi fics with tender sexundefined
oh yes im going to try that, thank you so much!! 💛💛💛
oh thank you so much!!! you're very sweet, im still working on it but if i need help, i'll ask you 🥺
thank you!! it'll take a couple of weeks but thank you 🥺 it means a lot!!
yes, that's what i do too. but it's constantly looming at the back of my mind and usually spoils my mood, and then i can't write anything until i go back and revise what ive written so far.
im too insecure to ask people to read it before im satisfied with it :( i usually just work on another scene for a week before going back to the older scene in an attempt to get those "fresh eyes"
oh that sounds like a good idea!! im going to try that, thank you 💛
me 24/7 😔
i was considering asking you actually 😅 not right now, but when i was finished writing it
i typically don't like letting anyone read it till i'm not satisfied with it :( it mostly has to do with english not being my first language. i'm really insecure about it
writers, how to plough forward and keep writing despite how shitty you think everything you've written behind is
understandable 😔
i'm sorry 😭😭
i didn't want to tweet this either 😂
i hate myself too 😔
thank you but i want to block myself for this tweet 😂
block me 😔
🙂
taegi au where taehyung wakes up hard and twists around to throw an arm around yoongi's waist. pulling him closer so yoongi's ass presses against his cock, taehyung pushes in and enters him, but his cock meets cake filling.
what's that fic i don't know it
today again i think about taegi
my next fic is literally the same shit all over again
then there are (gasp) misunderstandings because one character is always hiding important shit because of overthinking
im not even subtle about it. my taegi are always married or engaged or divorced, and there is some supernatural element thrown in under the guise of *plot*
i love fics that dangle the ship in front of me like bait, and when i waddle after it like a fool, they throw the plot in my face
i was accepted ✨✨✨ but the fee is ridiculous :) and i hate everything
trust me, it's not as bad as you're imagining. even so, the journey and build up and suspense is all worth it
it's so pretty noooo 😳😳😳 the pink blush on their cheeks
i miss it too
haha no 🙂
i am dead anyway 🗿
im sorry, im embarrassing. please look away 🗿
i have nothing to say to me either 😔
yess!
lmaooo thank you
please ignore me 🗿
nooo take me with you
you have to make do with your lot in life, that's just how it is
i kinda wanna die too
i did not expect me to end up like this either 😔
i hate myself too, it's okay
please look away
no 🙂
block me. please
you're not alone 😔
i'm sorry 😭
at least one of us likes it 🗿
please don't ask 😔
yes, fight for my honor 🥰
the story is a gift for a friend and that's why it's still up. it's not for you. you have fingers; use them and close the tab if it's a waste of your time.
i'm rude for taking time out of my real life obligations to work on a story for months. english isn't my first language and i'm still working on improving my writing, which is why i don't like my past work.
interesting :>
yess same! you should read these!
and i see no lie 😌
i don't know 😭😭
im sorry 😔
it's because of this video that's been going around. and the joke is that everything is a cake
you're too kind 🥺
please look away, im embarrassing 😭
no it's a meme about how everything is a cake, because of this video that's been going around everywhere
i get it already, everybody hates me 😔 it's okay, i hate me too
this
understandable
its that popular video going around of everything being a cake
it's okay, i'm not even mad or offended. i just wish there was a way to hide your content from people on ao3 :/
it's what they sounded like :/
thank you!! the fic had always been a social commentary on patriarchy and i wanted to twist the narrative in a way that levels the inequality between taehyung & yoongi. even if i couldn't finish the final chapter, i wanted to do that at least. and i'm glad you like it 🥰
yeah i hope so too, it's the only reason i even responded. maybe i'd save other writers from the harassment
they do sound like a karen
i gave in and ended up responding 😔
they all go like "im too shy to write comments on fics" but when you don't update a fic, they go and do this
thank you 🥺 you're really kind. but i already resolved the conflict, wrote the final scene to wrap up the story, and posted a sequel with a happy ending. i don't know how much more i can conclude it. i'm just going to focus on my future fics :/
it's okay lol. i'm not offended, just amused for the most part
hold on i'm coming 😭😭
no it's okay, i get it! im glad you're excited 💛💛
no the sequel is already posted 🥰 it's part of the series. here:
yes, kill them all for me :)
hello i'm glad you're enjoying the fic! even though the last chapter is missing, the conflict is actually resolved in the 4th chapter. i also posted an excerpt (the final scene of the fic) & there's a sequel set a year in the future. so its not left on a "cliffhanger" or whatever
thank you!! and lmao yeah i do want to leave a scathing reply but honestly i don't care so whatever. but thank you for your sweet words! you're always so kind :')
🥺🥺🥺 that's so sweet, thank you!!
yes, your silence is my favorite sound :/ im not really offended, but it kinda sucks how people treat content creators
thank you!! i don't get it though, i can understand that it's frustrating to see a good story left unfinished. but i literally finished the conflict, wrote the final scene of the story, and posted a sequel set into the future. i don't even know why they're so mad.
im not social sue me
minhyuk's hair is a blessing
my biases;;;
i wanna have problems undefined scream and mush my face in
oh wow thank you so much!!! im going to crawl my way through it 💛💛
thank you!!! <3
oh it looks so good!!! thank you, im going to read it tonight! and yes, i hope you like them, they're all really great!
this sounds really good! thank you!!
thank you!! im listening to them right now
oh yes the acoustic is better!
oh this is so good!! thank you so much, im going to listen to it on repeat lol <3
thank you!!!! ill listen to these!!
nope!
train to busan is one of my absolute favourites!! 💛
my favourite fic till date 💛
here are a few fics i enjoyed!
oh
🥰🥰🥰
this is amazing!!! 💛💛💛💛
thank you!! i am only able to be articulate because i don't really care. and i've made some embarrassing mistakes too when i was new to the fandom space, so i just hope they're able to change their viewpoint through this and all of it passes without anything blowing up
lmao, i don't really want this to turn into anything. i just hope they realise that their words were disrespectful and never do it again.
thank you!! the final chapter didn't really have much to it. the fic was intended to be a commentary on patriarchy and i wanted to write the narrative where i level the ground between yoongi & taehyung in the final scene and i did that already in the excerpt.
🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰
how
this is so pretty, i'm crying 😭😭😭
i am actually in the middle of reading it!!!
isn't this yoonjin
this is the sweetest & cutest thing i've seen this year omygod i love your drawings i am going to watch it 400 times more ✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨
they hug for sure, and hold hands. i have yet to write further so im not sure yet. i'll to make them kiss but it's unlikely :(
this looks so good!!!!! ✨✨✨✨✨
for fantasy, i would love to see more of folklore outside of the eurocentric fairytales. myths and tales of other cultures. i also like to see creatures that are written with morals & values different from the human ethics, that can't be examined through a human lens.
i love trope subversions/inversions and honestly everything is great. but i like seeing inversions of tropes i hate so i can like those too, like mafia au, or abo verses used for social commentary. underrated tropes & underrepresented (trans/ace/aro) characters are lovely too
ill bully you into writing if you bully me to do the same 😔
i would wake up and commit a murder
ill try to steer away from that direction, im not a fan of enemies to lovers :/
i had a similar idea that i posted on tumblr before!!
this is so cute!!!! 🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺
it's like hunger games, he was chosen and he had to win to live because he has two younger siblings to feed.   in this verse, omegas are ranked higher than alphas. alphas are treated like animals and often chained and fed to lions for the entertainment of the omega royalty.
if only i could churn out fics at the rate i churn out my dumb taegi marriage prompts
my wips are crying
taegi gladiator au where an alpha is chosen from each village to fight for the omega prince's hand in marriage.  taehyung stands victorious in the arena, but when yoongi offers him his hand to kiss, he spits at his feet instead. "did you get off watching poor people die for you?"
lmao 😂😂😂
and he's absolutely right!!!
this is adorable!!!!!!! thank you!!!!! 💛💛💛
actors au where taehyung is asleep when his ex boyfriend posts a selca with a caption jokingly telling interested parties to bring the marriage documents.   kim yeontan boops his nose against the screen and retweets it.
finally get to see this day, 2015 me would've cried
now this is the content i like to see on the tl
you don't waste time, i love it
they're so pretty!!! ✨✨✨✨
lmao i knew there was going to be a bts version of this soon enough, but taegi that too omygod 💛💛💛💛💛💛
i will cry thank you so much 😭
thank you!!!!!! this just made my day ohmygod 💛
lolol understandable
technically none of them are happening lol. i'm just struggling to write my taegi week fic at the moment. i've saved all of these ideas in my notes, i'll decide what i want to do with them later
💛💛💛💛💛💛💛💛
i'm sorry 😭😭 well, if it makes you happy?? im not working on any of these prompts as of now. i may write them in the future but not at the moment
that's rich coming from you
my other wips hate me
thank you!!!! 💛
congratulations!!!! ✨✨✨
strangers who share a common enemy to lovers!! because i'll somehow force in my republican marriage trope here
no strangers who grow closer because of a common enemy
same, even though im writing just one 15k fic lol. i've been working on it for 3 months and i still doubt i'll be done with it.
this is so adorable 💛💛💛💛💛
hi, would you mind sharing some of your plans for taegi week?? — i'm going to post only one fic for taegi week, for day 2: dystopian world. i'm really excited about it because it's an idea i've been developing for a long time…
i've read two of your stories, the royal one and the vampire one, do you have more? maybe on twitter?? — hi! those are the only two works i have on ao3 currently. i deleted/orphaned most…
this is the best tag i ever saw on a fic
hope this doesn’t come across as offensive or attacking (because for some reason everyone gets super offended whe… — it's not offensive per se, but the reason authors might not like this question is because it kinda reduces all yo…
you have to read it!!!!!
i just finished reading it and now id like to die thanks
you should definitely read it!!!
not to mention i had this terrifying atmospheric music playing the whole time
oh my god, i just finished reading this and i was so terrified. i cried through the whole thing and now i wanna die
im still reading it and it's terrifying
just realised this sounds like i'm going to post something right now. i'm just halfway through the fic lolol but it's still the best thing i've ever written, and i am so excited for when you all get to read it
this fic is the best thing i've ever written. i'm so excited.
this is the best!!!!! 💛💛💛💛💛💛💛💛💛
i just read this yoonkook a few days back and it's so so good, it gave me goosebumps
i'll try to write it someday 😭😭😭
ive only read one and it is really really good, i remember crying
it's saved in my notes, i'll tag you if i start writing it 🥰
yoongi in that moustache please 😂😂😂 this is so funny
featuring jimin, the shinigami, who doesn't understand why yoongi isn't killing taehyung already and keeps whispering creative ways to dispose of taehyung that he found off 4am searches on naver in yoongi's ears as he hovers behind him.
death note au where yoongi, who's killed 7 of his previous husbands with various unassuming and obscure illnesses to bilk them of their money, finds himself falling for his 8th target (unaware that taehyung is also the detective hired to investigate him.)
you shouldn't be!! there's nothing to be nervous about. you have full control over your story, and the admins of taegi week are the sweetest people you'd interact with.
yess i'm excited!!! but people who are posting more than one fic are a completely different species to me
here!!
exactly. i'm trying to bully myself into completing it before taegi week so that i actually do finish it. but good luck to you too!! hopefully it'll work out for both of us!! 💛
noooooooooooooooooo
why write about enemies to lovers when we can write husbands to lovers
omygod this cursed video noooooo 😂😂😂😂
this is incredible!!!! ✨✨✨
this is so nice!!!!!! 💛💛💛
best of luck!!! ✨✨✨
that sounds so good 😭😭😭
oh nooo this is so pretty!!!! ✨✨✨✨✨
🥰🥰🥰 it's actually just the kind of fic you'd love
angst is all there is from the start to the end :<
here's a wild guess: they all live happily in their gay little cottage :)
yes!! it's all i talk about these days 😂 i'm trying to finish it as soon as i can so i can let you read it!! i think you'd like it
thank you!!! 🥰🥰 i'm glad you liked it
i definitely like this one better than all my other works. i'd also like to think that my writing has improved since your silence so 😅
no this is a new fic for taegi week!!
no no this is a new fic!! a zombie fic!!
i'm going to run out of these very quickly but here's the   for today
okay wow now im going to think about this for a week
omygod i love this
i'm really itching to write a republican marriage, and some gladiator fights. trials by combat and hunger games and some alchemy. i'll mash them up and make a plot of it someday. today is not that day though.
i usually write the character who's been wronged, or is the underdog in the situation. it's yoongi most of the time for some strange reason
this is so cute, im sobbing ;-;
oh my god this is so good 😭😭😭😭
good morning to taegi only :>
no :)
congratulations!!! and wow this makes me feel really good, thank you ✨✨✨
im excited to read whatever you write 😭 and i love this idea already!!!!! engaged taegi is my food
omg is it posted?? send it to me!
thank you 🥺🥺  im glad you think so
sure thing!! 💛
it's unhealthy is what it is 😔
i really am, and i have no clue how or why
i have no original thoughts, you ought to know that by now
how do you come up with the cutest aus ;-; i'm in love with your all of your little tete's
maybe i should give it a try myself :< but i haven't drawn anything for the past 4 years
really want to commission someone to draw it for me but im broke ;-;
this was my peak
lmaao it definitely has that vibe
i can't think of anyone aside from sevdaliza for some reason. you should watch this:
it would flood the page lmaoo
another one because this is how i like to spend my day
i'm a little late to the trend but here are my jars
i am in love????????? this is so good!!!!
my heart is weeping!! but he'll get to make five more friends!! even though yoongi will still remain his favorite person :>
noooo he didn't mean to scare him!! tete was probably excited to have a new friend to play with :<
why do people come back from baby changing stations with the same baby? — who is this, dm me and we'll have a nice chat
did you touch any chillies?? it happened with me a couple days back, they burned like crazy for over 7 hours
thank you!! and yes i will!! 💛💛💛💛💛
this just made my entire day!! thank you so much for this wholesome art :>
i absolutely adore your art and i will sob i'm not even kidding
bottom line is: you should feel good about your stories. popularity stats can be discouraging, and it's easy for popular creators to tell you to just "ignore them" but that's not enough.
because as nice as kudos/retweets may be, they're ultimately very unhelpful to know just what in the fic was funny/inspiring/heart-warming. a good feedback from a beta is very useful, and having someone to discuss your fic with is a motivation like no other.
ask a friend to proofread your fic. this helps a lot, from my own experience. it doesn't just lift your language skills, but you also get encouragement and other useful feedback on your plot/writing.
participate in events—exchanges, big bangs—they're great because not only do you get to meet and befriend other creators, you also get a lovely fic/art as a gift.  i'm not aware of many but the admins of   are lovely, and the event begins in august!
my advice for new creators: befriend people on this site that make you feel good about the hours you put into creating that fic. people who make you feel good about your art and make you want to improve and write even more stories.
something i've always wanted to say: it's easy to tell new writers "don't focus on kudos/likes/retweets" but it's not as simple as that, is it?   we put hours/weeks/months on our fics, and it's not enough to tell us to not focus on popularity stats.
i'm going to scream
omygod omygod i'm going to cry
two!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
that's so sweet :> i love all your adorable au's!!
this is so pretty ✨✨✨✨✨✨✨
pls dont pressurise yoongi he'll release the mixtape when he's ready. we all know how much he beats himself over for everything. be nice
and omggg i want to read ur new fic but i'm in class ;;;;;;;; why r u like this
its hard to keep up with life
sameeee i dont even like girl groups but i watch 4minute's hate with passion every night without fail
isnt that like with every group? i flail abt groups i don't even stan bc lbr it's not like we have anything better to do
it is cute and i'm a proud mother seeing my babies all grown up and kissing eachother
honestly i wake myself up thinking of all the fics i could write that day
omyg0d
they are pulling the worst 'no homo' in the history of mankind
but that kiss asdfghjklllll i think the longer you stay as an idol, the more shameless u get. so i guess they are past all this
that kiss tho...blockb sure reads a lot of fanfics
oh my god this is the best thing ive ever seen
ok im asexual not ahuman. you can touch me. jesus
i am honestly so fucking scared
their new song makes me fee; so soft
dont sleep on toppdogg
now i have to revert to my prev usrname
why did noone ever tell me tmblr changes urls when u switch blognames
tae saxophonying is holier than childbirth
may god bless ur first child
i dont reply to texts god forbid
it's awkward for some time but then they start getting ready so they can get the car fixed and join everyone else on the excursion.   unfortunately when they reach the resort, hoseok tells them there was a mishap in the bookings and there's only one room left for tae & yoongi
and taehyung is shirtless 😌
it was inspired by your au lmao, i'll try to write a small thread fic for you
boss taehyung / secretary yoongi au where yoongi is dreading his high school reunion because he knows his batchmates will parade around their rich alpha husbands and gossip about the absentees  how he ends up with his hot alpha boss pretending to be his fiancé, yoongi has no idea
their car breaks down and it starts raining. they check into a hotel that's all booked save for one room. and then there of course is only one bed 😌
this is exactly it 😌
thank you 🥺🥺🥺
pretty sure i manifested this tweet 😞
this one is really cute
oh thank you!!! i'm glad you find comfort in it :>
this is perfect oh im crying 😭😭
yes, the process of creating is always hard no matter what. this is just something i believe could help, because i see so many people talk about how kudos don't matter but the thing is: they do. they matter. but there are also other ways to feel better about your art.
please it's a curse 😞
you just want to me to suffer 😂 that's all
the vegas one is my favorite one too!! but i kinda want someone else to write it so i can just read it lolol
let me live please 😂
😂😂😂
that prompt was inspired by this song's music video actually, if you want to check it out!
choose the vegas or the ex boyfriend one lol, at least i have an intuition of what i want to write for those
that's my favorite one too!! i want someone else to write it for me so i can just read it lol
which one did you vote for??
4. ex crashes the wedding!
3. married in vegas :>
2. high school reunion!!
1. actors kissing!
i'm thinking of writing a short thread fic for one of my prompts (the ones i'm positive i won't write a full-fledged fic for)  which one would you like to read the most? the prompts are linked under this tweet
thank you :< but i went to this rich elitist boarding school and i get really insecure when it comes to seeing my classmates again
if you can't tell, this is born from my own insecurities/fantasies except i have no hot boss to speak of lol
😂😂😂😂 i will write it for you, i don't know why you make everyone think that you have to beg me to write these prompts when i do it readily for you
i'm thinking of writing a short thread fic for it!!
i'll try to write a small thread fic for it!!!
exactly, how do people spend money and buy a book with a vague ass blurb that tells you absolutely nothing
this is so pretty 🥺🥺
stop exposing me :<
it's my favorite prompt too!! but for some reason it's the one with the least votes :/
yes i am so ready for this
thank you so much :< and   who requested this, i love you
thank you! this is amazing 😭😭😭😭😭 the maknae line birds are so cute im screaming!!!
oh my god i love this!!!!! 💛💛💛
it's okay, i'll try to write it anyway 😂 after taegi week maybe
not immediately because im working on other fics. this is supposed to be just a short thing on the side. but probably later!!
i was surprised as well, i thought that prompt would win for sure
omygod 😂😂😂😂😂
i hope everyone is aware that if you read a taegi marriage fic, you are obligated to slide into my dms and send me a link to it
taegi   yoonmin   vhope   jihope   i hope you like them!! ✨
noo all of them are fluffy actually. that's the reason im not writing them into full fics lol. my writing doesn't suit lighter prompts, so i only want to do something short for them
this is so incredible ✨✨✨✨✨
same 😞 i really like that prompt
i'll write whichever is the easier one to write lol
this is entirely unexpected, i thought the vegas marriage au would definitely get the most votes
honestly i didn't expect this result at all. i expected the vegas option to win by a large margin.
this is adorable!!!!!! ✨✨✨✨
this is giving me a headache
again, a reminder: ships aren't real. they're fictional. the members have nothing to do with it. a fic/art may draw inspiration from the members but by the end of it they're creating fictional characters. so there's no "dead" ship, because none of it is real.
*nervous laughter*
and it grew impossibly cuter?!!!!!!!!
remember to take breaks!!! please take care of yourself!
💛💛💛💛
im posting a survival horror au for taegi week so it's a win for you anyway!!
yes i don't even want to think about that 😑
ignoring whatever just happened...the poll just ended!! and i'll start writing the high school reunion taegi au!! whoever voted for the other prompts, i'll try to work on the rest of them after taegi week!! 💛
anyway....
yes!!! ✨✨✨✨
wtf im so angry. i'm sorry you had to go through such a traumatizing experience. i hope you feel better soon, and if there's anything i can help you with, please don't hesitate to reach out to me. i hope things go better for you from now on.
your tweet has summoned me. please, i need this
lmao i definitely like this reasoning better
i'll try to write those later, after my taegi week fic 😞
😂😂😂😂😂😂 this makes sense
i don't know 😞 i thought it would win. maybe it's because i didn't write that tweet properly
i just want seokjin's number. what is au. what is context. i do not know
no one asked but these are my favourite snippets from the loveless au
ohmygod please give me the link, i need it
anon, here's a revolutionary idea: go and write top yoongi instead of attacking other authors about it :)
i just want to nom on little tete. and namjoon!!!!!! he's so cute, that sounds just like the kind of thing he'd do lmao
this was such a sweet read. i don't play overwatch, but i loved how the author describes the gameplay. it was really easy to understand, and wow i didn't know how much i needed gamers!taegi until just now
i'm dying omygod
😂😂😂😂
this gif is taking me out lmao
i hate you im crying now
oh my god. this is amazing
this is so good!!!!! ohmygod 😳
this is so adorable my heart can't take it 😭😭😭😭
😂😂😂😂
these are so pretty 😭😭😭 thank you
now if this isn't taegi
yesss!!¡!!!!!!
ohmygod their pink cheeks???????? this is so pretty 💛💛💛💛💛💛
this is so pretty 😳😳😳😳
oh thank you then 😞
the last one lol, please recommend me some fics of the trope
the most accurate thread ✨✨✨✨
your big brain 😌
thank you!!! im really happy you like it enough to reread 🥺🥺🥺
you don't do a lot of thinking do you? the analogies simply highlight the fact that you're blaming the victim for the crime. the artist shouldn't post their art because people can steal it?? what shit is that? you'd side with the reposter and not the artist?
jk's reaction was a little disheartening, but i can't really speak for them. my guess is that the chance to go home was so abrupt and unexpected that they loved it. i mean, they're rich, this is probably the best gift for them
is it just me who feels really lonely each time a run episode finishes
baby was left alone
oh no jungkook...
so far this is all lol, i don't like a lot of my writing so i often come back to these few scenes to get myself some confidence! thank you for your kind words <3
thank you!!! 🥺🥺🥺 im glad you liked it (enough to reread!!!!!)
and the scene after they dance
i am so excited ✨✨✨✨✨✨
thank you so much!!!! 🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺
oh nooooooooo strawberry fairy tete ;-;
that's amazing!! best of luck!! ✨✨✨✨
thank you!!!!!!! 💛💛💛
i love that song!!!!! one of my favorites still, definitely going to listen to it tomorrow when i write more
there is no happiness to find in this fic so you'll probably cry if you do that :(
thank you!!! ive been improving my writing in this fic and making it sharper so it'll require lesser words to convey the intensity of the emotions. hopefully you'll enjoy it!
thank you!!!! this is the hardest ive ever worked on a fic so i hope you'll like it!
i was listening to his "someone you loved" while writing it!!!
ah who cares, here's a snippet i was working on before my mother screamed at me to go to sleep
should i even do a   i feel like i'll end up revealing the whole fic like this lol
the second one 🤩🤩
sure 🥰
im writing one for taegi week! so hopefully you'll enjoy that
honestly it's okay when it's au, but it doesn't sit right with me when it's a canon setting
hello, i mean that i don't like the template of the trope. i don't necessarily hate all fics that use it, because fics can use them in a subvertive fashion or use it for social commentary etc, like the abo template is awful but the non-traditional abo tag is popular as well
thank you so much!!! i'm glad you liked it!! and i hope you like my suggestions too :> there's a lot of different interesting tropes, and i'm sorry again for the misinterpretation
and trope subversion!! (where you write a trope in an unique manner)   (jinkook, vampires!)   (vmon, time loop)   (yoonjin, time travel)
oh im sorry i misunderstood your intent!! but there's a ton of tropes i love, one of them being strangers finding intimacy in dire times. for example:   (yoonkook, survival horror)   (taegi, don't go into the forest)
i can't tell if this is sarcasm, but there are plenty of tropes i love. i'm not fond of those simply because of the severely uneven dynamics (hybrid aus, sugar daddies) and toxicity (mafia aus, enemies to lovers). and i don't enjoy a lot of smut either so fwbs too
lol most people are just used to me, and my professor turned out to be a big supporter of fanfics himself.
who are some of your favourite fic authors? and what are some of the best fics you've ever read? — oooh okay here we go, here are some of my favourite fics (taegi):
i just like to make people uncomfortable and then adopt the higher moral ground if they complain lol. hearing about queer relationships makes you uncomfortable? come, come, let's investigate this
exactly!! it's a lot of fun to have the superior moral ground
lmaao, my brother would've done that too a few years ago. but we've grown more respectful of each other's interests after spending so long apart
it was an exercise for me initially. to be outright about things that would usually be shameful. periods, fanfics, etc. but then it became fun to make people uncomfortable.
my mother is tired of me, my professor was amused, and my brother gives me even more suggestions of what to write.
when you say “no happiness to be found” do you mean,,, angst without a happy ending because 😃😃 i’m not ready😃😃😃😃but i trust you — i call it angst with a happy ending in the author's notes :)
i haven't stopped thinking about this fic ever since i read it, and i cry each time i read it again. it's so well-written, each word hits me right in the chest
i would love to read more fics with aged up characters. taegi in my current fic are supposed to be in their late 30's, and it's really hard to write characters who'd have a vastly different repository of emotional responses and reasoning than my own.
😂😂😂
:>
🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺
don't be so loud 😔
deserved!!!!! i'm so happy for them
play ugh!! i play music on my phone and hope the demon will either jam to it or leave me alone
wow i just noticed that, i love taegists' work ethic lmao
hi just wanted to say i loved make it right when it was still in progress (it was one of my first taegi fics… — thank you!!! i'm happy to know that you liked it!! and i hope you enjoy the rest of it too <3
yes!!!! yes yes yes yes
ohh are you liking it????
can i bring back my favourite photo on this site
have you read it??? it's really good
uhh, 9?? the angst is towards the end
because you want pain
hi, you once made a thread of taegi horror/mystery aus, could you please add that in your moments too? — sure. here it is:
the first one is really cute too!!!
i heard that for the first time too 🗿 and it took me a while to figure out whose ship name it was. but here's some namjin!
please don't ask me 😭
you're smart. these things are better left alone 🗿
im thinking some angsty time travel chaos and alternate world lines. what is one week for taehyung, yoongi spends 50 years in the past trying to fix things and alter the course of the comet.
they meet again!! and things happen. i don't know. i didn't think that far ahead
i have no thoughts on how to take it forward lol
a week before the end of the world, taehyung's husband goes missing.
😂😂😂😂
friends let's look forward to this :)
wow best of luck anyway 😂 it'll be a nice piece of insight for when im reading the smut
omg yes yes it is 😂
lmaao you're brave
this is the best one 😂😂😂
i wanted to flood the entire page lmao but no one needs to know that
(suburban horror)   (1990s college au)   (time travel, joseon au)   (short, cute stuff)
i swear this is all i do the entire day
pausing all my anti trump rants to appreciate art
oh i can't imagine how horrible that must be!!! congratulations. what flavor ice-cream do u want
you're too dumb to insult honestly
im more scared of the ppl who voted for trump bc it just shows just how many are out there who still can't see beyond themselves
i hope by come you mean gather bc with you i won't even be surprised but lol i hope u die
oh thank you :<
😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭
the dark mode strains my eyes more actually. at night i use the reading & night mode on my phone instead. it removes the blue pigment from the screen altogether
same, i always only have 4 tabs open. the 1st is my own fics. 2nd is the one i refresh for new taegi fics. 3rd is for when i look for fics of other pairings. and the last tab is the fic im reading at the moment.
oh! oh yes it was, im glad you enjoyed it then :d
spent all of last night reading this fic and im still not close to the end
my entire life's story encapsulated in this one tweet
how come u dont read taekook? 🥺 — there's no reason? ive read a few taekook fics in the past in like 2015-16 maybe, but i don't particularly seek them out now.
you didn't have to be so loud 🗿
ohh i need to watch the umbrella academy now 👀
thinking about a 60s mail-order bride taegi au.
husbands to lovers is superior because you don't need to wait for them to meet, they're already there and yet each domestic interaction feels new! the angst is there! the stakes are high! the longing! the miscommunication! the slow burn! and when they finally kiss!!!!!!!!
there was one bit where the subtitle read [v is curious about suga's lines]
yesssssssssss i was trying to manifest it 😌
now i really want to read this 👀
the little pink knees omygod. who is this yoongi hyung, i need to have a nice chat with him
stop 😭😭😭 i want it to exist already
general taehyung sounds so hot 😳
sure thing!! 💛
thank you!!! it's my favourite anime too and i always wanted to write an au for it. i am not confident in writing an entire fic for it, but maybe in the future :)
and this is precisely why you're my favourite person on this app
namseok?????? excuse me?????
this is so pretty, thank you for blessing us with this 😭
this is so cute ✨✨✨✨✨✨✨
this is too cute 😭😭😭😭
omygod i love this 😂😂😂😂
thank you !!!
thank you 🥰🥰🥰🥰
lmadhjkkk thank you. i have (7) photos of myself that i recycle each time
yessssss
the army:                                            the bias🍓
the prettiest ✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨
no no twitter threads are confusing business anyway, and the twitter interface really isn't built for storytelling
aahhh we messed it up. but i like both the directions of the story lol
"was this some intricate strategic way for you to con me into dating you?"  taehyung grins. "i mean, maybe? i hoped that you'd like fake dating me so much that you'd want to date me for real too."
"so how about this: we go on a date that has nothing to do with my parents and that is not pretend."  yoongi blinks at taehyung in surprise, and taehyung smiles at him, this time a little bashfully.  "i like you, yoongi hyung, if that wasn't glaringly obvious."
later when taehyung is excitedly telling yoongi about all that they need to do to prepare evidence, yoongi's stomach twists tighter with dread  "tae, i dont think—i'm the right person for this. i dont think i can be a pretend boyfriend or whatever it is."
taehyung being forced into a marriage because, according to his parents, if he isn't going to find someone for himself, then they're going to do it for him  "who says im not?" a pause. "im dating yoongi hyung." he is not. and yoongi doesn't get paid enough to be a fake boyfriend
190512 yoongi in lace isn't talked about enough
i just want people to write more of this trope so i don't end up writing all of it myself 😭😭😭😭
i'm a little embarrassed. but the tweet will stay
taehyung holding 🍞. 🍞 = yoongi's cheeks. yoongi's cheeks = part of yoongi's body. taehyung holding yoongi. taegi subunit.
where a lonely grim reaper taehyung puts out an advertisement in a newspaper looking for a companion. and yoongi, who is running from his past and wants to start over, responds.
just thinking 😔
thank you 💛
you're beautiful 😳✨✨✨
aggfhfjf take it
so cutee. makes sense, you're tiny tete's mom
💛💛💛💛💛💛💛💛💛💛💛💛💛
thank you so much ✨✨✨✨
thank you love 💛💛💛
thank you!!!! ✨✨✨✨
thank you 😳 you're really sweet
yes!! but like you said, it's post-divorce hatred so they aren't really enemies. just have a lot of issues to work out between them.
thank you 🥺🥺🥺
don't bother. from my experience, it's the best response
i don't think ive read anything like that in the entire fandom :( it'll be a really interesting dynamic. i have something slightly similar in my next fic so maybe?????
thank you!!! ✨
thank you 💛💛💛💛💛
thank you 😳 i used to hear dumb comments about them in high school (shit like they look like car headlights) so i was always kinda insecure, but thank you, you're really sweet
i was always silently there with you all lol. it was time for me to add my two cents
thank you!! you're really kind 💛💛
im sorry but there's a lot else to it as well!!
your new wip kind of reminds me of this song 😔 i know it’s not the same but i just… — oh my god it definitely fits the fic. thank you!! i'll be listening to it as i write!
do you know what happened to the taegificrecs tumbr account? :(( — it is deleted
there is!!!
oh yes same
he's crying for all of 20k. that's the whole fic
i am either going to finish it by taegi week or i am going to cry very hard. it's leaning very largely towards the latter.
yeah, i deleted my facebook once and for all just now :/
thank you so much!!!!!
thank you so much!! you're really kind, i usually get into a funky space each time i look up what my former classmates are doing. it makes me depressed about my own life :/ so i'll just read the fics people sent me and try to distract myself
thank you so much!!!! the first one had me just by the title
yes please!! 💛
thank you, you're really kind 💛💛💛
so pretty ✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨
thank you love 💛💛
ohmygod congrats!!! i cannot relate but im so excited to read what you've prepared
you wound me
nooooooooooooooooooooo
i love this 😭😭😭 — thank you!! i am going to write something for that au as soon as i'm finished with my taegi week fic :>
watch me abandon all my wips to write newly wed taegi
it's alright. you have all the time to come up with something as you write. besides its the writing that counts, titles aren't the end of it all.
i usually name it after i have the full outline of how the fic would unfold in my mind. then i just sit on it, and it comes to me typically when i'm listening to music and something in the lyrics just fits?
yes!!! especially if the plot reveals the meaning of the title to be completely different than what the reader first interpreted it to be
how do you reduce new to tears every single time look at him he's so smol and that little peach blush on his bum im heartbroken
stop it 😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭
noooo im sobbing already
ohh that's definitely good, and it's definitely happening in the entire fic. i hope you'll enjoy it when it's finished!! 💛
honestly i feel like it's lacking here, but im glad that you liked (?) it!!
noooooo :(
i really want to do that!! but if i don't cry, i think others won't either. so my goal really is to make myself cry 😭
ohmygod i want your energy
angst authors how do you guys do it????
i can't even see the screen of my laptop as i type, i can't stop crying.
yes it looks so pretty!!!✨✨✨✨✨✨
lmaooo it's okay. you're better than me. when i start a fic at night, i am awake till 8am trying to finish it and my entire sleep cycle goes out of whack
sure!! ✨
i need it too 😭 maybe one day i'll have the confidence to write it
oh i haven't actually seen the show. i just know that it's about cannibalism lol. it's too gorey for me to watch.
thank you!! i'm glad you like it :>
lol no cannibalism here. just two murder boyfriends :)
i love the "everyone expected me to fail but boy you're in for it now" trope where the underdog who has been keeping his powers hidden for a long time decides suddenly that he doesn't give a fuck anymore
sure!!! 💛
not sure if anyone cares, but all of my taegi married fics and prompts are compiled here :>
this is essential for my existence. i need this to exist at once
yes that's very true. it's a nice environment to challenge your preconceptions, and you can connect with your readers too and know what they have to say. overall it's a pretty cool space, and it's sad to see how many people feel ashamed to say they like fanfiction irl
you're the like the last person on this app who deserves to get hate. and your vmin au is adorable. please know that reading about tiny tete is the brightest moment of my day, it makes me really happy.
tiny tete is the cutest little egg on this app
lmao same. percy jackson is the only series that deserves rights
tired of fanfiction being treated like it's lower literature, especially when it is free and an lgbt+ dominated space, and platforms like ao3 use efficient tagging and warning systems instead of handing you a vague dusty blurb that tells you nothing.
you're absolutely right
normalise reading books and saying "wow this is almost as good as fanfiction."
thank you love!!! 🥰🥰🥰
thank you :dddd
ohmygod my heart literally melted, thank you, that's so sweet 😳 im glad you enjoyed that fic, and i hope you enjoy this one too!
i would like to tell you that you shouldn't be scared but um :(
this was so good!!! especially the oxymoron "closed open book" that was brilliant!! thank you for sharing this with us!!! 💛
no you can start when i finally post it, but unfortunately for me, i've been crying for the past 3 months now 😭😭😭
ohmygod i didn't even know there was another fic with this trope!! thank you!!! i'm off to read 🐎
im joining the club now 😔
i was already crying while writing my fic, but then i read this and now i'm crying harder. comments like this make me feel so good about all the work i put into writing. thank you so much!!
this is the kind of thing that makes me wish for a block button on ao3. you read 90k worth of writing and all you had to say was that?
thank you!! you're really sweet 🥺
thank you!! and i'm sure you'd find your way too! if it gives you any comfort, i've just come to learn that no one really ever knows what they're doing :/
thank you!! i haven't actually come across a situation where i'd need to learn those. i usually find some js library to do the job. but i do want to learn them in the future when i start to get into intensive programming.
i got a job to help in the development of some war game but i declined because i wanted to pursue ~art~ but lol that didn't work out. and now i'm going for masters instead. it's a mess lol.
ohmygod i hate coffee & alcohol too. and video games!!! i almost ended up there myself but didn't 😔
no i just swim in my little java & javascript world. i just never found the energy to learn python or r lol
that's so hot 😳
that backpack was the bane of my life. we had to carry shit like pressure cookers and tents and oil and rice and pulses and sleeping bags. it was so heavy and i was so tired, it is what made me fall in the first place 😭
😂😂😂😂😂
i don't enjoy being inebriated, makes me feel vulnerable, and there are very few places and people i would feel safe with being handicapped like that. and hangovers! no one can convince me to willingly go through that hell
😂😂😂 i'll let you know they say. and thank you! i've been coding since i was 12, it's the one of the very few things i still enjoy doing
thank you!!! and no it's okay, it was pretty scary but not so much in retrospect. or maybe the memory has dulled by now idk. but i was uninjured so it's all good
it was during a trek for the gold level duke of edinburgh award. it's not as intense as you're probably imagining lol. i slipped off the path and rolled down the slope. i had a huge backpack so that absorbed most of the fall, and i held on to a tree trunk till people came to help
😂😂😂
lmao it sounds dramatic. it was during a trek, i slipped and rolled down the slope and had to hold on to the trunk of a tree till people came to help
4 facts and 4 people u wanna know about  🍓 english isn't my first language 🍓 i like to code 🍓 i spend an unhealthy amount of time playing minesweeper 🍓 i once fell off a mountain
oh man i wish i never tasted alcohol either. it tastes like shit, makes you feel like shit. i just don't get the hype.
that would be so good!!!!
i wanna go dancing now
i'm going to fucking die. kim taehyung sir please
holy shitt
oooooh thank you, that makes me sound so cool. i was trying to read up on it but one site told me some things that made me really uncomfortable so i stopped lol. but im learning that astrology is really interesting so hopefully i'll keep studying it
i learnt today that i'm sun taurus, moon cancer, and rising aquarius. not sure if any of that is why. i just have really sketchy/variable food cycles
lololol i eat one meal a day at 2am, but i'm pretty sure i'm an anomaly
yes!! thank you!! and i will!! 💛💛💛💛
yes! i didn't really know much beyond sun signs, but i did some googling and learnt about moon & rising signs, and now i'm trying to read up on it all because i'm super invested now. it's so scarily accurate.
i keep seeing those tweets of bts members with virgo/pisces/aquarius energy and i got curious about taurus because i hardly see those. i'm going to read more on this because now i'm invested
yep!!! but i know close to nothing about it, other than the stubbornness trait. i keep seeing people tweet about bts members with pisces/virgo/aquarius energy so i got curious
that's all so scarily correct. i think i need to read more about this
ohhh wow that is pretty damn accurate o.o
twitter friends who are versed in astrology, what does being taurus entail??
mine is similar yes, but imagine vampires taegi running a daycare together 😭😭😭
oh no :undefined
and it is here!!!!!!!!!
oh nooo this is so sweet 😭😭😭
thank you!! i've been speaking and writing it for a long time so i'm more fluent in it than my native tongue lol. but thank you, you're really kind <3
helloooo i saw your thread for horror/thriller fics and i had another rec you might enjoy. it's really twisted... — thank you so much!!! i like horror/thriller fics or just fics with suspenseful themes, but this has a few tags that…
stop sleeping on imfact they deserve so much love &they even composed all their songs since debut im so proud
how ..is this anything to be proud of?
the most unqualified man u mean?
not taegi, but it reminded me of this really cute namgi fic instead
omg and kids are always gossiping about the latest beef, but then one day, yoongi leaves his lecture notes at home and tae comes to his class to drop them off and pecks his cheek as he does. and the entire class starts screaming.
👀👀👀👀👀👀👀
i want it too 😭 but i can't seem to finish it. i'm at the final scene and it's like i've forgotten how to write anymore
thank you!! i'm honestly burnt out at this point. but let's see~
i'm working on it actually!!! if i finish it on time, i'll post it on taegi week!
you'll get 20k of it during taegi week lol (hopefully)
:dddddd
in other words: my current fic, if i ever finish it
married professors taegi :>
omygod you'd make such a cute book, i can already imagine it. it'll be adorable, please let me know when you do!! i'll cheer you on through the whole thing!
the dynamite teaser has got me so excited. i want to go to a disco party lol
if dynamite doesn't sound like the teaser there's going to be a murder
yeah. that is um difficult. but dynamite is making me excited lol. i'll just jam to it in my room
that's so cute!!! and lmao imagine the sexual tension 😌
i have never danced in my life
thank you 🥺 you're really kind
ohmygod i would be all over this
it's so funny to me. they literally say big platform & hopeless ship in the same sentence. like?????
you really get the most adventurous of anons
thank you so much!!!! i'm glad you liked it 💛💛
thank you so much 😭😭
ahh thank you!!!
oh no, i can't read when i'm writing. i end up comparing my writing to theirs or i feel guilty that i could be spending that time writing my fic instead. especially when i have a deadline to meet.
thank you so much 💛💛💛💛
i'm working on it!! i hope to post it for taegi week ☺️
🥺🥺🥺 thank you
thank you 🥰🥰🥰🥰
thank you so much 😳😳😳
my taegi loveless marriage au got 1000 kudos!!! thank you so much!!! i'm so happy!! thank you to everyone who gave it so much love, and i hope you have a wonderful day today 💛
they're professors in my taegi week fic?? does that count??
this is so cute 😭😭😭😭😭
thank you!! things are better than before and hopefully that won't change.
thank you so much for your kind words!! i really want to participate, but i also don't want to compromise on the quality of the writing, so i'll spend some more time on it and post it a couple weeks later
thank you!! i will!
thank you!! you're really sweet, and i love you too! and i hope you have a nice day 💛
thank you for your kind words!! i hope you have a nice day 💛
thank you!! 💛💛💛
thank you! you're really kind. and things are better than they were yesterday, so i'm hoping it'll all pass with no accidents
thank you for checking in, that's really sweet of you, and yes i'm okay. things are looking a bit better now.
thank you!! things are a little better now, i'm just praying they don't worsen.
i would've actually liked to have something to distract myself with, but because the fic deals with topics of death & mortality as well, it doesn't put me in a good headspace
thank you so much 💛
i don't want to compromise on the quality of the writing, and because my family is going through a tough time right now, i don't want to stress myself with deadlines, so i'm probably going to do a late submission for taegi week :<
my current fic has yoongi as an anthropology professor and taehyung as a biology professor!! and i'm really excited about it!
thank you, love!!!! 💛💛💛💛💛💛
a reminder: please don't qrt my prompts with "somebody please write this" / "i'm going to write this" because unless i've specifically stated it, they're my ideas and i'll be writing them.
thank you so much!!! 💛💛💛💛💛💛
i went to their page and apparently they've left needless feedbacks in most of their bookmarks. the entitlement is so fucking strong, i wish i knew their social media handle, i have quite a lot of things i want to say.
thank you!! i hope you're able to hold onto positive feelings about your writing. don't let anyone else's words invalidate the amount of effort you put into your works. and thank you for the sweetest words!! i'm really happy you liked the fic 💛
and now i will think about this for the whole week
oh my god what fucking audacity. i wasn't as mad about this as i am now. i know it isn't easy, but please know that there will always be more people who like your work. and they are the only ones who matter. it's rich hearing about talent from those who don't write.
thank you, and i'm sorry you've got your own share of assholes too. like why even bookmark if you don't like it?
i'm sorry you got these as well. i just hate that i feel so helpless about it, that there's no way to hide our content from users like that.
they clearly haven't written a word in their life.
that's what annoyed me the most. if it was a comment i could've replied at least. now i'm just pissed off with no way of retaliating.
authors can see public bookmarks, do people not realise that? thanks for the feedback. write me a cheque, and i'll write you the 100k with all the revisions you desire.
im trying to figure out how the first fic has more kudos than a lot of actual authors get on their works
😂😂😂😂
it's about people promoting dynamite on ao3
the reason ao3 is so good is because of its efficient content navigation system. clogging tags like this for promotion is the most irritating thing you could possibly do.
it might be because people have opened a lot of fics, but they might not get to read them all right away. don't worry, the weekend is here so i'm sure many people will find the time to slowly get through the huge influx of stories.
take a look at  !! today is the first day of the event!
check out   !! the event began today and a lot of authors posted their fics for the first day!
and i'll start this one first!!! i'm so excited ✨✨✨✨✨
oh my god there are so many fics to read. i am shaking
omygod that will be amazing. i love this idea so much. i'll be looking forward to it!!
thank you 🥺 it was upsetting because i've been working on it for almost 4 months now. but hopefully i'll be able to post it soon and still be part of the event
i feel like most people who don't write have no idea what they're talking about. especially when it comes to word counts. like the fault in our stars is 67k?? and catcher in the rye? hobbit? hunger games? harry potter first two books? not even they're 100k lol
thank you!!!!💛💛💛
thank you!! and yes, i am! things are much better now 💛
my goal is to post within the first week of september, so i'll join soon!!!
ah i feel you too, i hope you're able to post them all, whenever that may be! i'll be reading yours too! not stressing myself about deadlines will let me enjoy and read others' works too so i'm excited!!!
thank you!!!!! you're always so kind 😭
the bodyguard 🥺🥺🥺
ohhhh i love this
me too 😔
thank you!!! i'm very close to the end but i haven't got time to work on it. i really hope to post it soon.
it's taegi week in a few hours!!! i'm sad i can't post my fic 😭😭😭 but i'm so excited to see all the works!!!
i just finished this and!!!!!!! why is everyone bent on making me cry, why is everyone writing angst, this was so painful but so so good!!
you're an angel
there are so many fics, i can't decide which one to read :<
fairy likes to make me cry even when i'm sick.
this was such a wholesome fic. i've been feeling feverish all day so it really cheered me up.
i'm sorry!!! i have no idea how it even happened, but i've been feverish all day so i could have pressed something by mistake while i was delirious.
i am so anxious. i just hope no one read it :<
thank you!!! im glad you like it enough to reread 😭😭😭
thank you 🥺🥺🥺
thankfully it wasn't the full fic but still 😭😭😭😭 i don't want anyone to read it till it's finished
i didn't realise until i got an email about my own fic update because i've subscribed to myself like a fool
whoever opened it, please don't read it.
oh my god i didn't realise i accidentally posted my draft. everyone who got an email about my fic, please ignore it
you deserve all the love 😭😭😭
i cant tell if it’s just bc i’m in love with ur writing but i have the fattest twitter crush on u — thank you!! this is so cute, thank you, it makes me really happy to know that you like my writing 💛
good luck :) you're going to need it :)
read this last night, and it is morning and everything still hurts.
i wanted to read at least two fics before sleeping, but mia's fic made me cry and now my head hurts and i'm going to sleep :<
i'm switching off my cc's. if you have something to say to me, you can come and dm.
because i was in pain last night. i took sleeping pills so i could fall asleep, and then i got this cc right as i about to. and after that i couldn't because i was so anxious that i'd maybe unknowingly done something horribly upsetting.
is this one of those things where you just say shit in someone's cc for no reason.
thank you 💛💛 hopefully i'll wake up feeling better
you know what, i'm going private for the night. i'll with it in the morning
i'm delirious with fever and sleeping pills, and i really don't want to be dealing with whatever mess i can sense coming my way
why did you rt biphobic shit in the past? 😐 — what? i literally only talk about my writing on this account. i have no idea what you're talking about it. please clarify what 'past' you're referring to.
writing fics                        writing fics so so far removed           far removed from from my own life         my own life that i so i do not have           have no idea how to feel stressed              to write them
honestly i don't mind mcd as much now that i've read the ones where the members have to cope after a bad incident, like i read one with yoongi dealing with rape aftermath & another where seokjin was a victim of an acid attack
congratulations!!!!! ✨✨✨
same 😔
thank you, you're the sweetest!!! i've been feeling inspired to write lately, and i always write better without the stress of a deadline so i'll do that!
you can be both nice and scary. like hobi :)
my fever dropped a little at last, now would be the time to work on my fic but i want to read all the wonderful works by other authors too :<
people who knowingly read major character death should be feared by everyone
this is adorable, this single-handedly cured me of my sickness
see even if you tell me that, i know i won't. i love your writing so i'll read them all 🥰
i'm going to sleep crying tonight as well. i hate taegi week
and they're all angst 😭😭😭 i went to sleep crying last night and im going to sleep crying tonight
lmaoo this is my brand, i see
lolol you and i both wish. but i honestly can't write anything other than taegi
oh i am all for that too 😌
pain is the essence of slow burn. if your characters don't kiss after 400k, is it even slow burn?
11th
more for you!!
in the end, even when yoongi sees taehyung's monstrous form, he tells him that he'll still love him, and the rose flower starts to bloom once again.
his parents are worried because little time is left. but tae has accepted no one will love him. just to reassure his parents, he says that he's found his love & he makes yoongi play the part. but yoongi doesn't know. he's warned by the older maids not to enter tae's room at night
idk why but i am imagining some beauty & the beast mashup, where taehyung turns into a monster each night after 12. he is cursed to die if he doesn't find someone who loves him by the time the last petal of the rose wilts.
i was waiting for this fic!!!!!!
omg i love this idea so much!!! i was struggling because i don't like the idea of a relationship where the two people have very unequal standings, which would be very likely in case of a maid au. but this plot is so good!!!
i am getting an inexplicable urge to write a maid yoongi fic. but i need to find some way to worm in my married taegi agenda into it.
this is so good ohmygod
i'm sorry!!!! write all that you want to write, i'll read it all 🥰🥰
i meant don't stop!! just realised that sounded the opposite of what i meant
don't :)
thank you so much love 💛
thank you!!!✨✨✨
im not even surprised at this point
thank you 🥺🥺🥺 it was actually supposed to be written and posted in march but i never got to it for some unknown reason
mentally i'm always here
thank you so much love!! 💛💛💛💛💛
omygod yes! and i looked into masquerade masks and these are the ones i think would go with their attires the best. the one on the left as yoongi's obviously, and the black one for tae.
thank you!!!! i had a lot of fun making a moodboard for persephone yoongi too!! i imagine him wearing a tulle lace dress like this! with pretty spring-like embroidery and that shows off his pretty collarbones
this is most of what i had written when i originally came up with this idea. hopefully i'll finish it one day.
you should really make a book for all my ideas that'll never be written 😭
no sorry, that is irrevocable. our marriage is set in stone.
someone needed to tell them 😔
and that's why you're my only friend on this app 😌
we both know that you love it as much as i do 🙂
what makes you think married taegi would mean happiness 🙂
it'd also be fine if yoongi picked any person other than the most hated man on olympus
persephone yoongi / hades taehyung au where yoongi's mother arranges a courting ball on mount olympus for yoongi to choose his betrothed. when the clock strikes 12, the man he's dancing with would be picked to be his husband.  which would be fine if it wasn't a masquerade ball.
what ohmygod i'm proud of you 💪💪💪
of course. they're ex-husbands :>
so many exes getting back together fics in taegi week this year. and i'm going to add another one.
yes!!; i almost lost my mind with how long it took
and i have finally started working on my fic :> it's a good day
my fever finally broke today ✨✨✨
ok nevermind i will watch the show just for this ohmygod i love him so much
oh yes!!!!! it's so pretty, i love to see taegi as the hades/persephone pair!!
as is right 😌
i snorted harder than i should've. oh my god, why was this the first tweet i saw when i opened this app
yes if you close your eyes and listen carefully, you'll hear my dolphin screams from across the pacific
oh noo, i hope you feel better soon!! i'll try to manifest health for both of us 😔
i want to play it so damn much, and i will lose my mind if i see somebody else playing it
the only reason im not watching in the soop is because if i see anybody playing table tennis i will scream
me. i died.
it's nice to get a response, even though i understand that the author isn't obligated to respond. it's just nice to interact with an author whose work i enjoyed, or to get an acknowledgement and/or discuss a part of a fic that i liked.
can you hear me screaming 🙂🙂🙂🙂🙂🙂🙂
this was so incredibly sweet!!! tender thoughtful vamp taehyung will always be the best kind of tae
omg i was playing that skribble game with strangers and i got the word dynamite so i just scribbled "stream" and 3 out of 5 people got it right away
thank you so much!!! i'm glad you like it aaaah all this positive response is making me want to finish it. i'll do it as soon as i recover ✨✨
thank you so much!!! this is a really old draft that i never ended up finishing and i'd like to do that soon
my only inspiration to go to college is so that i can use their wifi and vote for bts bc mnet's been rude and blocked me
i wonder if bangtan votes for themselves everyday
i wasn't able to vote for the past 2 days bc i was sick maybe i should've just died
all these times when i wanna just swim to korea to join those beautiful army bomb waves but then i remember i don't have one ha (cries)
there's more where that came from 😌
you're my favorite person in this world
please wait for my submission too, i swear i'll finish it 😔
abandoning my wip to write some more of persephone yoongi & hades tae flirting
this is so adorable omygod ✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨
i am :< approximately 3k more of this torture
yes admin ella do your thing :)
17k of angst, and i'm still going. when will this end
same 😭😭😭😭
same i love trot music so much!!!
your art is so pretty ✨✨✨✨✨ tae in pink hair and glasses!!!! i love it!!!;!
yes i do write! you can find my stories on my ao3. as for this one, i plan to write & post it soon!
ohmygod so i spent all of last night reading this and then some more, and wow i can't even believe it. it was so so good, i am going to be thinking about this fic for the next eight months at least
thank you 😭😭😭
yes once the stress of writing is off my head, i'll hopefully get to read and enjoy the other fics
thank you 🥺
thank you!! you're really kind 😭😭😭
thank you so much ✨✨✨✨
thank you!! it's my first time even picking a pencil after 5 years so hearing that makes me really happy!! ✨✨
thank you im glad you think so 🥺
im so sad i couldn't even enjoy taegi week this time :<
same!!! i don't even know why i started writing this in the first place
noo it's a new fic :< and omygod id forgotten about that, i have to finish that too. im going to cry
im just thinking about the break im going to take from writing altogether 😔
thank you 😔 it means a lot. but im so damn exhausted of the plot, my head hurts thinking about it
i know for a fact that i say this after every fic.
believe me i am doing this for your sanity. to make up for all the angst in my other fic
thank you!!! taehyung is definitely a huge flirt here lmao, and i'm glad you like it! i'll post the full thing in a few days when i've finished the fic i'm currently writing.
whatever you'd want to write!!! i'd love it regardless!
ohmygod thank you so much 😭😭😭😭😭😭 i'll be waiting patiently
yes!!!! i can't wait to read it!!! married taegi is always a yes for me 😌
five times taehyung tries to propose but fails + the one time yoongi does and succeeds and taehyung is mad because yoongi got to it before he could, but yoongi just laughs at him. and then kisses it better obviously.
yes!!! that is my favorite bts fanart ever 😭
yes!! i'm cheering you on!!
yes!!!
excuse me, this is amazing i'd love to read it if you ever write it 🥺
no no you're not alone. it's happened to me a couple of times, i usually feel like that when im in a bad place, but i somehow manage to bounce back.
best of luck!! i start school in 20 days so i'm right with you :<
pretty 🥺🥺🥺🥺
happy birthday!!!!!!! ✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨
i hope you like it!!!! :>
anyway i'll go to sleep instead of staring and refreshing the page every 5 seconds
i think i posted at the wrong time :/ is everyone asleep
i was supposed to post the whole thing lol but i got impatient.
my late submission for   day 4: horror! and also a gift for my love   happy belated birthday!!! i wish i could gift you something happier, but i know you love this shit so!!! i hope you like it!!! :>
nothing lasts forever   (mature, 20k)  • zombie apocalypse • stuck in elevator • talk of mortality & murder • survival horror  ex-husbands taehyung and yoongi are forced to have an honest conversation in the last 60 minutes of their lives.
thank you 🥺
it would've been fine if it was any scene but the end :( i'll try my best to write it the best i can
trivia:love
it is my 19th attempt at writing the ending scene of this fic, and i am close to reaching the point where i stop giving a fuck and just post it however it is.
i'm so excited to read this!!!!!!!!! thank you!!!
lolol i was not in my right senses when i was writing that comment, but i'm glad it brought you some enjoyment lmao
:>
oh no, i hope things get better! good luck, i'm sure you'll find a better place in time!! and best of luck for school too!!!
ohmygod what a fucking ride, as usual i spent all night reading it, i couldn't put it down. it's so fucking good, i'm angry
my brain definitely did some gymnastics trying to make this plot work, but i feel so happy people can finally read it 😭
i hope you like it 🥰
i hope you like it;!!!!! 💛💛💛
im glad you liked it!!!! i hope to post the second part soon as well!!!!!!!! 💛
i hope you like it!!!!!!!!! the first half isn't as angsty, so i hope you'll be able to enjoy it!!!
i hope you enjoy it ✨✨✨✨
i hope you like it 🥺
i hope you like it!!! and i don't think it's very sad?? or ive just read it a billion times so im immune lol
i hope you like it!!!!!!!!!!!!
i hope you like it!!! i tried to keep the angst on the lower side actually :_: but idk if i succeeded
the fic is actually completely written, but because i am still polishing some parts of the second half and i got too impatient, i broke it into 2 parts. the next chapter should be posted in a week!
it's not that sad actually, i think? or at least the first half isn't
it's not scary!! i promise!! it just sounds really angsty but honestly it's not too bad. i hope you like it!!!! ✨
i hope you like it ✨✨
i will post it very soon!! im pretty much done with it!! but im happy to know that you liked it!!
thank you!!! i'm glad you like it 🥺
noooo i just read your comment and it was so heartwarming!!! please never apologise for a big comment, that's nothing like a comment too big. i'm so happy that you enjoyed it!! i will try to post the second half soon as well!!!
i hope you like it!!!!! ✨
i hope you like it 🥰🥰
i hope you're able to enjoy it!!! it's not as angsty as it sounds. i think.
i hope you enjoy it!!!!! thank you so much for your continued love and support, it means so much to me 🥺
i told you i'd reach a point where i don't give a fuck 😂 well i reached it and broke the fic in two parts so i can feel some motivation from the comments as i finish touching up the second half
i'm really happy you liked it!!!! ✨✨✨✨
i am reopening my curiouscat in case anyone wants to ask me anything about my new fic!! but i will simply ignore any stupid asks this time, so don't bother sending them.
should i reopen my cc in case people have questions about the fic?
i hope you like it!!!! ✨
oh that was an accident 😭 i was delirious with fever and didn't realise that i'd accidentally posted my draft until i got an email about my own fic because i've subscribed to myself like a fool.
i was a little unsure, but in my zombie fic, is the science comprehensible so far? i considered adding links for a better understanding of the concepts taegi discuss, but i didn't want readers to open links in between reading since that might ruin the flow and tension of the fic.
found it!
oh i want to read this. lemme try and look for it
not explicitly no, but there are heavy conversations about death, mortality and murder.
that's okay!! even if you decide to do something small or a thread fic or even if you write noting at all, i love it as it is!! it's such a cute idea
i'm sorry!!!!! but the second half is written, i'm just touching up the ending. it wouldn't take long!! and i'll post it as soon as i'm done!!
ohhhhhh this is so good, i'd love to read it if you ever wish to write it 🥺🥺🥺
:undefined
it's not as angsty as it sounds!!! i hope you like it!! 🥰
thank you so much 😭😭 i'm so excited for you to read the full thing too!!!!
thank you 🥺 im really glad you like liked it!!!!!
i hope you like it!!! 💛
it's not scary!! it just sounds really dramatic lol, but honestly it's not that bad, i hope you'll like it!! 🥰
oh this is really interesting. people have so many different thoughts about it. i love it!! but no, no he's telling the truth. you'll understand more about it in the next half of the story!
no no he's definitely not lying lmao. i'm just surprised bc i didn't consider people would think he's not telling the truth.
taegi in my zombie fic.
the amount of people who think taehyung is just making it all up wow
i can assure you that you have it opposite. i'm really shy so i can never talk to mutuals :<
yes i'd love to interact more 🥺
:>
i love you i love you i love you ☺☺ — i love you too!!
hi i love you :( you're amazing 🥺 — thank you so much :undefined i love you too
i'm glad you liked it!! and yes!! i'll post the second half hopefully this week
omygod this is perfect ✨✨✨✨✨
hi i was wondering when you’ll post the second part of your new story (bc i prefer reading when it’s complete) … — hi!! i have actually finished writing the fic, and i'm just polishing the ending scene, so i should hopefully be …
i hope you like it!!!!!!!
i hope you like it!!!!!
thank you for reading!!!! im sorry, it really wasn't meant to be split into two parts but my need for validation got in the way so i got impatient. but i'll post the second part very soon! it's finished, i'm just polishing the ending scene
thank you so much!!!!! you are very kind :<
i hope you like it!!!! :>
oh it's not that explicit. there's some brief violence with zombies, and taehyung's injury
this is so good, i would love to read it 😭😭😭
13, 20, 24 taegi ✨
okay so *spoiler zombie apocalypse au* i have a question and you dont have to answer but like tae said… — i won't spoil anything, but :> good luck holding onto that hope
i still have your zombie apocalypse fic on my mind...like when tae started telling yoongi i was so confused... — aaaaah yes, i intended for the twist to come very abruptly and unexpectedly for both yoongi and the reader. and…
lmaao i get that, but i hope you give it a try!!
it's not that angsty despite how it sounds!! i promise!!
i hope you like it!!!! ☺️
what's been some of the most memorable comments you've ever received?? — i had someone dm me, asking for my email id, after which they emailed me a 5000 word comment with their thoughts on my fic. that is still the peak. but…
lmaao i don't like too many tabs. 18 is usually a lot for me too.
oooo i was wondering how many fics you have in the works atm? you have some of most excited au ideas!! — oooh okay, so you might know, i'm polishing the second half of my zombie au to post sometime this week. other than that…
oh. oh. okay. my next fic, here i come
goodnight, i say as i open my 18 ao3 tabs
nothing lasts forever ch.2: sneak peek
same 😔 we should bully each other into doing it
by the way, it was inspired by this music video!! it is an old etiquette in some countries, where if a bride wore red to a wedding, it sent out the message that she'd slept with the groom.
i'll try to write something small for it once i'm finished with my zombie au!! :>
i hope you like it!!!! ✨
this is so cute
idk i just build up personas of people, and authors whose works i admire scare me 🥺 and i love your works a lot
i voted for a little intimidating :> because you kind of are to me lol.
this was such a warm story, and taehyung is the most thoughtful and sensitive boy. i loved it so much. it was gentle yet so impactful.
oh im happy to know you liked it!! i'll post the second half sometime this week, so i hope you enjoy that too!!! ✨
i can't tell if you enjoyed it or not 😅 but thank you for reading!!
wow im just
i cry every 5 minutes with breaks in bw to vote
im so proud of you, you deserved this, you deserve so so much more, and even then.
eryday i have to take out like 2 hrs to vote bc 24 accts arent gonna happen on their own
taegi laughing my heart feels so soft
my bbys are on vapp someone tell me if theyre ok
you guys deserve the world and even more
it's okay!! i know everyone will read it once they find the time to, i was just feeling extra sensitive because i'm on my period so :/ but yes, take your time!! and i hope you'll like it 🥰
really? i assumed the notification emails are all sent within an hour after posting, but regardless, i hope you like it!!! ☺️
😂😂😂😂😂
i don't want to spoil anything, but there's no explicit character death. it would've been tagged otherwise. there are, however, heavy conversations about death, mortality and murder
yes he is
it was about time
😂😂😂 thank you, and i'm sorry for the cliffhanger, but because the whole fic is just one continuous scene, it was hard to find a point to break the chapter
thank you 😭😭😭 im glad you're looking forward to it. i'm just polishing the ending scene, and it's taking a little longer than i hoped, but i should be done with it soon!!
of course!! send them to me if and when you're comfortable!!
omg, thank you, you're very sweet 😭 i'm on my period so i'm more sensitive about stats than i'd normally be. but yes, hopefully our works will gain traction soon!!
thank you for your sweet words! and yes, i totally understand why criticism might scare you, i've gotten my share of it too. but it gets better with time, and you gain both confidence and indifference. so i hope you're able to publish your works too!! i'd love to read them!!
oh that's understandable too. i'm sure zombies aren't many people's cup of tea. but i'm thankful you gave it a go anyway!! thank you so much! 💛
your new fic is your best yet!!! i’m so excited for the next part to find out what happens <333 — thank you so much!! i'm excited to post it too, i was just feeling dejected for a while, but i'll push through it!
yes, i haven't got to read all the fics that were posted either. it's just my insecurities talking 😔 i worked everyday for four months to finish it, and now that it's out there and the stats are stagnant, it's put me in a bad mood & i can't finish the 2nd chap either
yes logically i understand that people will read it once they find the time to, and not everyone is in the right headspace to read angst these days. it's just my insecurities flooding my mind :<
thank you!!! 🥺
thank you!! 💛 i'm really happy to hear you liked it!!
it's okay! i hope you like it when you do ☺️
i feel like my new fic wasn't received as well as my other stuff, is it because it sounds too angsty? or because it's not complete? i'm a little disappointed because i feel like it's my best work so far :<
i'm sorry :<
i hope you like it ✨✨✨
it's okay!! i hope you enjoy it once you find the time to read it!! 💛
oh is this the one where tae is the neighbour???? because i'll scream!!! i loved that idea so much
understandable 😔
yes im going to take a long break from writing 😌
lmao i don't care anymore. i wasn't going to get any peace of mind until i posted it so i did. even if i'm not too satisfied with it, i'm just happy that it's finally over.
good night. i'm going to read aeons like i've been dying to.
another night of waiting for validation. why do i write fics
and the second half is up!!
some additional background information about the other members & more on the ending (read this only once you've finished reading the fic):
honestly i'm not too happy with the ending, but i have no energy left in me. i'm going to post it and hope the future me doesn't hate the present me.
i was literally just thinking about this too!!!!
thank you for your sweet words 😭😭😭 i'm so happy to know that i inspired you in some way, that's the greatest thing to hear. i'll try not to get too fixated on stats :<
namjoon my funny man, stop doing this to me
they're so lovable
i think people find it hard to get into the right headspace for angst these days. but omg aeons is one fic i've been dying to start, but because the mood is kind of similar to my own fic, i want to read it only once i'm finished writing mine :<
i'm glad you enjoyed(?) it 😅
oh. well. my fic is not missing it.
haha i'll be waiting 💛
i hope you like it 💛
thank you for reading!!! i'm glad to know you enjoyed it ☺️
enjoy! ✨✨✨
thank you!!! you're really kind 😭😭😭
i hope you like it!! ✨✨✨✨✨
that's okay!! you can post small headcanons too if you want. or a threadfic, if that feels easier. i'll read everything 😭
this
aaaaaah thank you so much 🥺 this really warms my heart
this entire thread, i'm sobbing. thank you so much for sharing so many of your thoughts. i'm really happy to know that you enjoyed and appreciated the fic so much!!! i can't stop smiling
lmaao, it's okay there's still things you won't see coming. i hope you enjoy it!!! ✨
i'm just really flattered you drew art for it, thank you so much 😭😭😭 it's beautiful!!!
if it helps, zombies aren't really the focus of the fic? it's mostly about the conversation between yoongi & taehyung.
this is so amazing, wow, thank you so much!!!! i'm honestly speechless right now
congratulations!!!!!! ✨✨✨✨✨
just drop by to say that i love your works bc you’ve always written them in such a great way like the way you put… — thank you for such a sweet message. it makes me really happy to hear that you like my writing. i spend a lot of t…
also if you want to and you feel inspired i would love to read more fics based on the zombie au!...— this is such a good idea! i'll try to think of some alternate timelines that could be interesting…
god the last fic is so good — thank you!!!!
i love you 😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭
thank you!!! 😭😭😭 you're really kind
thank you!! i'm so happy you liked it!! it was really entertaining to read your live tweets lmao, but thank you because it's hard for me to know which parts the readers liked and what made them cry/feel scared or thrilled etc. so it was really helpful and insightful! 💛
thank you so much!!! i can't wait for you to read it!
thank you so much 🥺
thank you!!! i hope you'll like it!!!!
this was fun lol. i'm glad you enjoyed(????) the fic. again, there are spoilers ahead, so for anyone reading this, please be careful
i'm so overwhelmed by the comments i've received on this fic in the past few hours. thank you so much!! i feel like crying. it took so much time and effort and research to write it, and it finally feels worth it. thank you, i'm really happy right now.
this thread is breaking my heart, thank you so much for sharing your thoughts with me in such detail. it makes me so happy!! i'm really glad you enjoyed my fic. i hope you the best day, love. there are spoilers in this thread, so anyone reading it, please be mindful.
i'm happy to hear that!! i'd love to hear your thoughts, however you're comfortable telling me! 💛
i hope you do!! ✨✨✨
thank you 🥰🥰🥰
i'm sorry :undefined
i was actually looking up synonyms for absurd because i felt like i'd used it past its limit here
lmaoo that is very very understandable. honestly i'm not going to read the fic for a long, long time either.
thank you!!! i'm really happy to know you liked it (and recommended to a friend lmao thank you). please get some sleep too!! i hope you have a nice day tomorrow!! 💛
thank you!!!! ✨✨✨✨
no one asked but this is my favorite little bit from my zombie fic. idk why but i just really like it
please pretend that was an hour because i know for sure that it wasn't. i'm glad you liked the fic!! and the mask lol, i've cried in the middle of my mentoring sessions and had to go through the embarrassing ordeal of explaining my professor i was crying bc of some gay kpop boys
this one is long, but it's the best thing i've ever read
technically, vision lost from optic nerve damage cannot be restored, but taehyung is my sweet magical boy, so yes! he gains his vision back when he recovers.
thank you 🥺🥺🥺🥺
omygod thank you so much! this is probably the best thing i've heard all week. i literally breathe for trope subversion so i'm really happy that you like that!!!
oh i'd pay for that definitely
happy birthday!! it's okay, i cry each year on my birthday too, usually towards the evening when it's ending. idk why
the recent fic is amazing💜💜💜💜 lots of love — thank you so much!!!!
i hope you like it!!! ☺️
that's alright!! i know zombie fics aren't up to everybody's tastes. i hope you like it if you do decide to give it a try!!
you know what's keeping me hanging on for now? the blowjobs tag 😂 and the fact that there haven't been any yet and both of them need to be alive for there to be one
i'm only halfway through and my heart is already broken 😭😭😭
thank you so much!!!!!!! i'm really happy you liked it!! ✨✨✨✨
my life is an ao3 fic, and i can die happy now
my favourite author...telling me that they like my fics...
what au is this. i'm going to scream and i'm not going to stop.
i'll try to write something!!
i am once again gushing about it happened quiet. anyone who hasn't read it and still dares to follow me, you are brave.
i can't even describe how much i love it. if you search the link on twt, you'll just see me shoving it at every person, screaming at them to read it 😭 it's my favourite fic in the fandom. and please, it is by no measure little.
no i pronounce it like that too!! even though i know it's ko-fee
i have so many authors i want to be friends with on this app, but the whole idol worship thing i have going on really makes it difficult :<
nooo don't apologize, you already gave us everything. more than i could even hope for 😭
thank you, you're really sweet 😭😭😭
maybe a short snippet from the ihq verse? 😭 i would actually cry
noooooo i'm supposed to be on my writing break. but i'm seeing creatures of the night & night terrors and it's doing things to me.
congrats!!!!! ✨✨✨✨✨ you deserve it!!!
i'm so happy you liked it 🥰🥰🥰
thank you so much!! 🥺🥺🥺
thank you!!! 💛💛💛💛💛
oh yes! i'm officially on a break. my mother has threatened to hide my laptop if i start working on another fic anytime soon lol. but i hope you'll like my fic when you find the time to read it!! 🥰
aeons (our way back home):   darkest hour:   the guardian:   sign me up:
oh thank you so much!!!! you're very sweet, and i'm so happy you enjoyed reading this fic!! ✨✨✨✨✨✨✨
thank you!!!! i'm glad you enjoyed it 🥰
i just finished reading this and i'm barely coherent. it is so so so good, i am speechless. i cried for an hour, it hurts so much, but it's so heart warming too.
i just finished crying after reading your fic so good, it evens out 😭
i'm so excited!!!!! ✨✨✨✨
ex husbands au:
a pointless poll, but because i like knowing these things, please indulge me: which one of my fics have you enjoyed the most so far?
oh. oh. wow i am so hooked already. this is so so good.
she's actually mostly finished. i just like to keep some time gap between two fics. to keep the focus on my zombie fic for now :d
i'll try to post her soon too :<
i'm trying to answer questions about the zombie au without spoiling it for those who haven't read it yet. so just a heads up: the cc's that contain spoilers, i answer them on curiouscat but don't share them on twitter.
hey just wanted to let you know that hobimo posted a little taegi on their twitter last night, i thought i should… — how did i miss this????????????????????
so pretty!!!!!! 🥺
i love him
seokjin how do you make me laugh the loudest in all of 2020 in just 4 seconds
💛💛💛💛💛
thank you, love 💛
it can mean that too 😂 as long as you were thankful that the fic was written once you'd finished reading it
thank you!! ☺️
we're in this together 😔
it is literally them
lolol i was just kidding. i know you liked it!! i'll cherish your thoughtful thread 🥰🥰🥰
there's no one like you 💛
yes, i obviously understand everyone has their preferences. but because i'm the author, i try to make each story better than the last in terms of writing and originality. so i have clear favourites lol
exactly 17 out of 100 people voted for the zombie fic. and one of those was me. i am going to cry myself to sleep tonight.
i am so blown away by your love, thank you so much 😭😭😭😭
choose the zombie fic ✨
😂😂😂😂
or, hear me out, vote for the zombie fic from all the three accounts 😌
choose the zombie fic!!!!
omygod this is so sweet. i feel like screaming. thank you so much for sharing your thoughts!!!! i'm going to read all of it like 10 times today alone. thank you so much!!! i'm so happy you enjoyed the fic 💛💛💛💛💛
yes!! i was waiting for this one 😌 thank you
arranged marriage au:
loveless marriage au:
it is here!
yes i'm trying to stop it :<
exactly!! and it's literally win-win, more people get to see the art/fic and enjoy it, and the creator gets more recognition as well.
i hate that i feel embarrassed to promote my own fic, so i'm shamelessly going to promote my stuff and push past this embarrassment. it's so stupid that creators should feel bad about promoting their own works that they spent days, weeks, months!! writing
i'll keep adding to the thread with time. there are so many i have yet to cover.
ok i'm on it!!
would anyone like me to make a compilation of taegi fics with unusual plotlines & subvertive themes? because i feel like making one
so cute!!!!!!! 🥺
that's okay!! i hope you'll like it once you read it!! ✨✨✨
thank you!!! ☺️
bts gets dissed for what? sharing their own stories through their music? producing their own album? winning despite not being 1of the big 3?
finally someone said it
like he's an actual human being? who has feelings? stop throwing away characteristics just bc u dont like them, and stop stereotyping istg
i pray for the day fic authors won't make yoongi an emotionless puppet
i wonder if anyone's told bangtan abt the existence of young forever yet
omygo
i was so confused when they kept talking abt solos and blood sweat &tears like boys why are you so....
keep hating on bantan,keep saying they don'tdeserve it. but none of that matters bc these boys are happy &i could care less abt anythingelse
asfgjklygdsghkl you're the cutest
i honestly really don't want to 😂 but let's see
will i have to write another 80k royalty au for people to forget ysimfs exists
one day i will battle ysimfs and come out victorious. today is unfortunately not that day.
please i will do anything
i'll keep updating it regularly! i only had enough time to do these last night :<
lmao they must know me very well 😂😂😂
i'll keep adding to it with time. you can bookmark it, or you can look for it in my moments!
😂😂😂 enjoy!!
i'm glad you liked them 🥰🥰🥰
that's me at all times
im glad you like them!!! ✨✨
oh thank you!! i haven't read that yet so i'll do that!!
i'm screaming right back. it's okay, we're communicating 💛
thank you for writing them 🥺
it'll take a few days!! but i've started already :>
i'm finally giving in to the urge and writing some more of my zombie au. maybe a small excerpt of them talking again post recovery?
congrats!!! that's so amazing ✨✨✨
hello :) i just wanted to thank you for writing for sharing your works - all of them are so beautiful and stunnin… — thank you!!! it's alright, just the fact that you took out time to message me here is heart-warming!!
wdym tae is having the time of his life 😌
i think the cultwo show in 2017??? that's the last one i remember
wait i think i was misunderstood. they talked about the challenge, but not about them doing it as far as i know
imagine yoongi 😳
they talked about it on the radio show just now. i didn't watch it but i saw some tweets and now i can only pray 😌
manifesting jimin doing the wap challenge
😂😂😂😂 mine too. i was reading them all last night and laughing
it's actually more of a thriller than angst, i think?
i'm sorry :undefined but i hope you enjoyed it?
thank you 🥺 i'm glad you liked it!!! (enough to reread!!!!)
i hope you enjoy them ✨✨✨
good luck ✨ i hope you enjoy them!!
i do love royalty fics so i won't mind writing one. but i really don't want it to be as long as your silence. that one sucked my soul out of me
this is for   who won my fic giveaway; it is horribly late but i hope you enjoy it anyway!
stay with me, sway with me  • hades & persephone au • masquerade ball • flirting • slow dancing  yoongi must find a man to marry by the end of the night. ↓↓↓
yes i eventually settled on an em-dash as well 😔 i was trying to find something pretty but i'm tired
yes i'm trying a few but i don't like any so far. i'll continue trying :/ this is more headache than it's worth
thank you but ahh i really don't like emojis. emoticons are okay but :<
thread fic authors how do you transition from one scene to another?
i'm never going to leave your inbox at this rate
this was all i wanted. and all i want is for tae to sit on yoongi's lap. i'm going to reread this 3 times in the next hour alone
give me 24 hours, i had not actually planned to make this promise lol. but that   has motivated me, so 😌
i'll post it anyway because we all deserve it ✨✨
expect my screaming :>
ok i'm done waiting. i'm going to read this and come back
lmao
if we get a   for the third week, i'll post my taegi hades/persephone au
i miss you :<
tender kisses on the temple and forehead are always a punch to my gut, especially if they're goodbye kisses
i'm so excited ✨✨✨✨✨✨✨
i lived there for four months so i can relate 😭
yoongi feels his breath against his lips when the man speaks again.   "i dare say it's worth the wager."
"even if it might cost you a limb?" he asks, tilting his chin up flirtatiously.  the man leans in further till their faces are much too close, and yoongi’s treacherous heart thrashes wildly against his ribs, too loud not to be heard.
"is that so?" the man murmurs before taking a step closer, a devilish tug to his lips as he smiles at yoongi charmingly. "perhaps i should take my chances then?"  yoongi bites his lip to contain the smile that threatens to spill out of him.
there’s mirth dancing in his eyes, and yoongi scoffs, trying to regain some semblance of control even as his cheeks burn scarlet.  "not all men. only the ones who bore me to death."
yoongi parts his lips to argue, but no words come to him in his flustered state, and the man laughs as he takes a step closer.  yoongi has to fight the urge to take one back.  "is this your goal? you charm men into dancing with you and then leave them disabled for life."
the man looks even more amused and doesn't seem to believe him in the slightest.  "i dare say the poor fellow wouldn't be able to walk straight for a week." he teases.
yoongi blinks a few more times before the heat crawls up to his cheeks and colors it blush red.  "that—it was an accident!" he splutters.
"that was the plan, but i also wish to remain uninjured for the rest of the night." he says, the corner of his lips quirked up in a way that tells yoongi that he's teasing.
the man lifts an elegant eyebrow before his face settles into an amused smile.   his palms on yoongi's waist fall, and yoongi stupidly misses the warmth of them.
they stare at each other for a long moment before yoongi speaks.  "did you wish for a dance?" he asks. he's consumed enough alcohol to wash out all traces of shyness in him. shyness would get him nowhere tonight.
the man is dressed in black from head to toe save for the glittering silver dangling from his ears, and yoongi has been studying everyone's masks for even a hint of their identity, but there's nothing he can discern from the man's mask, weaved as it is with small black feathers.
he feels all too aware of the weight of the man’s hands on his waist, fingers long enough that they encircle his waist almost entirely.
he is taller than yoongi, and although that is hardly a feat, he is tall enough that yoongi has to crane his neck a little to look at him in the eye—a task that seems almost impossible to carry out with the way yoongi’s cheeks are warming.
caught off guard by the sudden close proximity, yoongi blinks at him in surprise.  underneath his mask, the man's eyes are coal black, darker than yoongi's ever seen.
he would've stumbled back and tripped on the hem of his own dress had two large palms not come to steady him by the waist.  "careful," comes a deep voice, and yoongi glances up at an unfamiliar face concealed under a black mask.
there's a little over two hours left before the clock strikes twelve and the courting ball comes to a close, and yoongi twists around with a renewed resolve to approach someone else who catches his eye.  but just as he turns, yoongi ends up colliding against a hard chest.
yoongi doesn't spare him a glance before he turns around and marches towards the wine, grabbing a goblet of it and draining it in one go, uncaring of how juvenile it looks.  he doesn't have time to waste.
the man cries out in pain, and yoongi is instantly the picture of innocence and apology.   he offers to walk him back to a seat, but the man is much too prideful to accept, retreating from the dance floor instead, limping and cursing the entire while.
when he begins to enter another long tale about the one time he almost defeated achilles and threw him into the pits of tartarus, yoongi doesn't spare a moment to hesitation before he purposely stumbles forward and slams down the heel of his sandal hard on the bastard's toes.
yoongi likes to believe that his patience stretches a lot further than most, but his waltz partner is a self-absorbed pompous bastard who has had not one word to speak about anyone but himself in the fifteen minutes yoongi has danced with him for.
it is here!
this is adorable!!!!!!!
i'll update more tomorrow :> i hope you're liking it so far
yoongi knows, gods he knows, but he just wants a choice.   he wants to be the one to pick the person he has to spend the rest of his eternity with, and he admits that he is being an idealist, for no one on olympus has a drop of fidelity in their blood.
yoongi hated the orchestrated nature of the arrangement, and he is aware that many would call him naive, an idealist, would tell him that things in real life rarely fell together like a fairytale.
and even though yoongi was aware that her dedication and persistence came from a good place, it left him seething.   he rejected every person she picked for him, and it was not that they were flawed or that yoongi was fussy. it was quite the opposite.
ever since yoongi came of age, his mother had been possessed with the thought of finding him a partner. for months, she arranged evenings with countless gods and nymphs and heroes, all meticulously picked from the pool of potential suitors that fit her mold of an ideal husband.
—
yay okay, give me a minute!
for the hades/ persephone taegi au, what was the dress yoongi was wearing? — i mention it here!
i have a webinar in a few hours & i want to distract myself so the anxiety ebbs away. is anyone up for updates?
i'll update more in a few hours when my webinar finishes :>
oh he grows even more shameless. i'll update more once my webinar finishes :>
the man holds yoongi's hand in his own as he bends at the waist and brings it to his lips.  "so?" he asks again, looking up at him through his eyelashes. "may i have this dance?"
—
brimming with an indignant resolve, yoongi had marched straight to the wine and drank just enough to dissolve his usual reservations before proceeding to pick whoever caught his fancy, intent on finding himself a man to marry before the night came to a close.
his mother had obviously known that, and she was probably expecting him to give up.  but the knowledge had only served to steel his nerves.
and that, in addition to the fact that yoongi had never attended the ostentatious events on mount olympus before this one, he had not one idea of anyone's identity.
yoongi had agreed, like a fool. because one foot inside the hall and he'd realized what a grave mistake that had been.  it was a masquerade ball.
and if he picked no one, he'd have to go along with the dates his mother arranged for him without a fuss.
a courting ball, she'd said, on mount olympus. he could choose his betrothed from amongst the attendees.   when the clock struck twelve, the man he'd be dancing with would be picked to be his husband.
still, yoongi thinks, he should get to choose who he is to be wed to, and this was exactly why he and his mother had fought last month, one of the countless arguments they'd had on the very topic before his mother finally gave in.
i think i should slow down with the updates 😅 i'll stop for now or i'll run out of material very soon. it's not a long au, but i need to write the ending.
thank you!!!!! i'm glad you like it. it's been sitting in my drafts for god knows how long. i'm glad i finally found the motivation to polish and post it
"i don't need to, sweetheart." the man leans in to murmur into his ear, and yoongi feels a shiver streak down his spine.   "this mask does a dreadful job of concealing your beauty. not that it ever could."
yoongi raises a skeptical eyebrow.  "you don't even know what i look like." he points out. his own mask had been brought to him after he'd entered, a pale white lace mask to match his tulle dress.
"i don't think i've seen you on olympus before." the man murmurs lowly as they fall into the rhythm of the music. "i'm certain i'd have noticed you if you had."
yoongi places his own hand on the man's shoulder, and thankfully his body takes over once they begin to sway, muscle memory guiding him through the steps because his mind cannot fathom a single thought beyond the broad palm on his waist and the burn of the man's eyes on his own.
yoongi fights the urge to shy away from the man's gaze and forces himself to meet his eyes.   the man smiles in assurance as he places a palm on yoongi's waist and lifts the one joined with yoongi's, changing the hold so their fingers are entangled in a firm lock.
but he has not the chance to utter a word before he's being tugged in the direction of the dance floor.  the crowd seems to part for them, not so much in awe but like the wilt of a flower, and the man leads them further away till they're standing in a more secluded corner.
from the corner of his eye, he catches the man's lips breaking into a small sweet grin.   it is a genuine, happy thing unlike the devilish smirks from before, and it steals yoongi's breath away.
yoongi fights the furious flush flaming his cheeks, eyes darting away from the man's intense gaze as he nods silently.
i would love to help. i do know how to code. but i have a thing that'll go on for the next 2 hours. but if you still need assistance then, let me know!
yoongi doesn't reply, and the man shrugs.  "i think you're beautiful." he states bluntly, "and i wish to tell you so. it does not embarrass me."
"you're very straightforward." yoongi finally settles on saying.  "perhaps." the man concedes. "but what good does it do to keep up pretenses just to save face?"
yoongi feels his cheeks burn at the words. he's never been one to grow flustered so easily, but there's something about this man that is so wholly disorienting—it has his heart thrashing against his chest, threatening to tip him forward right into the broad chest in front of him.
oh thank you!!! i'm so glad they're able to offer you comfort in some way :>
i hope you like it!!!
i really was, wasn't i? :undefined i can still enjoy my "break"
hope you like it ☺️
"forgiving?" the man echoes. he sounds amused, and yoongi doesn't expect it at all when he is suddenly yanked forward for the man to whisper hotly into his ear.  "darling, a seven would be forgiving. an eight and a half just means you're completely and hopelessly charmed."
"eight and a half?"  "you could do with some humility. but i'll be forgiving."
"personality, out of ten…eight and a half?" yoongi says, lying right through his teeth because anything less than a ten is a falsehood.
"no, i'm confident about that."  yoongi scoffs.  the man is grinning, and there's really something so undeniably attractive about his shameless confidence.
"not appearance first?" yoongi teases.  the man laughs. and yoongi can't help thinking that he's really found the one. he can't think of anyone else he'd rather be dancing with tonight.
"what do you want to know?" he indulges him.  the man cocks his head to the side as he thinks for a moment.  "personality?" he ventures.
"how would you score your present company then?" he asks yoongi. "tell me my numbers. will i be losing any of my legs tonight? my arms perhaps?"  yoongi bites down on his lip to keep himself from grinning like he knows he wants to.
both of his palms curl around the curve of yoongi's waist, pulling him even closer so they're almost chest to chest.  they're barely even dancing now, just swaying together in their spot.
"not at first," he smiles coyly, "but now—it's not too bad."  they're much too close now, and yoongi catches the way the man's eyes widen briefly before his face settles back into a sweet, amused grin.
and in an uncharacteristically bold move, yoongi pulls his hand out of the man's hold.  sliding both palms up his shoulders till he has his arms wrapped around the man's neck, yoongi slants his head back to meet the man's gaze.
"and how are you finding it? considering that i saw you stepping on people's feet, i presume not very good?"  yoongi laughs. he sees the man smile as well.
"you were right." he says finally, and he feels the man's gaze slide back onto him. "this is my first time on mount olympus."
for a long moment, they sway in silence.   yoongi doesn't know the right response to such a statement, but he can’t deny that he finds the man's candour immensely attractive.
do u see armys requesting an official statement that exo won fair undefined rigged?
give them the nobel as well, maybe their stans will be satisfied
bc ofc exo is the only talented hardworking group out there
me: lemme take a short break &read a smol fic to distract myself  *pulls out a 100k slow burn*
or ill fight them
that sounds horrible! i hope things go alright for u
they look like the power vampire couple
the most relatable thing ive seen this century
bless their babies
god forbid
thank you, i'll just go to sleep and hope this feeling passes :/
it's my zombie au
lmao
—
which is why he pulls the man to a stop and lifts himself on his toes to speak into his ear.  "would you like to get out of here?"
that isn't the only reason. yoongi is sure his mother has been keeping an eye on him, and suddenly he doesn't want to be here at all.
people begin to stare at them eventually, and it is only then that yoongi realizes that it is a courting ball and the two of them have danced to a dozen songs already and yoongi's feet are starting to ache now.
they dance, and when they aren't dancing, they'd be swaying lightly and talking, and when they wouldn't be talking, yoongi would feel the man's eyes on him, so warm and intense that yoongi can never match it for too long.
one dance turns to two, which then blurs into several more till yoongi loses count of them.
not that yoongi wants to.  "another one." yoongi smiles and confirms, closing the gap between them again.   the man grins before his palms come to hold him firmly, and they start to sway once again.
he doesn't realise when the song comes to a close, just feels the man's hands slacken around his waist, not falling away completely but just touching.  "another one?" he asks, putting enough space between them that yoongi could pull away easily if he wished to.
yoongi squeaks in surprise and stumbles when his feet touch the ground once again.  the man laughs, and yoongi would glower at him if he wasn't so sure that he'd only enjoy that more.
flustered, yoongi is about to retaliate, but he is suddenly lifted into the air and twirled as the man smoothly exits the easy dance they'd adopted, entering into the more fanciful steps of the waltz with little difficulty.
nooooooooooo it is so soft
thank you so much 🥺 i'm really happy you're enjoying it
it seemed like a fitting metaphor, since they're hades undefined i'm glad you liked it!
lmao this au is pretty short, so we've actually reached the final conflict. the story will be wrapped up in under 150 tweets i think?
i'm sorry :< but it had to happen
it isn't in yoongi's nature to let the measure of his worth be defined by the shape and structure of his face, but it is hard to hide the hurt he feels when he sees the man take a step back when he finally catches sight of yoongi's face.
perhaps it really had been too naive of him to hope that it'd be easy as that.  because not a moment later, where yoongi had all of the man's front pressed against his own, he now stands completely alone.
and yoongi feels a twinge of fear at the thought of losing the anonymity, but the mask no longer held any meaning, so he bites his lip and nods.  he feels the lace being undone, and the mask falls off his face before dropping on the grass between their feet.
he doesn't realise what he means until he feels fingers gently tugging at the lace at the back of his head that ties his mask together.   not hard enough to undo it, but just enough to bring yoongi's attention to it.
"can i?" the man's voice is so soft that yoongi would've missed it entirely if he hadn't felt his lips move against his own.
he brings a palm to cup yoongi's cheek as he tilts his face and brings their lips together again and again, soft like the touch of peonies against skin. and yoongi feels himself melting into it.
it certainly isn't yoongi's first kiss, and he doesn't know if the man believes it is, because the kiss is soft, tenderly so.
"do you have something else you'd rather be attending to?" yoongi asks drily, raising both his eyebrows.  "none other than you, sweetheart." the man smiles, and he doesn't waste time before pressing their lips together sweetly.
yoongi curls his fists into the fabric of the man's coat, yanking him close enough so they're breathing in the same air.  "you're eager." the man whispers against his lips.
he grins when the man crowds him against it. they're in the gardens at the back of the palace, and it is lit up by little yellow lights that fall across the man's face and make his jawline appear even sharper.
they don't reach very far, just till the music grows soft enough to ignore, and then yoongi is being pressed back against the trunk of a tree.
same!! i really love writing them
it gets better i promise 😂
lmaoo i'm doing it too
noooo he's a sweetheart, it'll all make sense very soon
he can't stop the shiver this time, and he feels the man's arms wrap around his waist.   yoongi wants him to stop.
"i—" the man starts but stops like he isn't certain what the right words are. "it was not my intention to lead you on."  yoongi squeezes his eyes shut. he feels so foolish.
yoongi can't stop the tears that gather in his eyes. but it's impossible to hide them, so he doesn't bother.  "then why do you look like you’d rather be anywhere but here?" he asks, unable to keep down the tremble in his voice.
and the vulnerability must've shown because the man's eyes widen before he's stepping back in to close the gap between them, cupping his face once again.  "oh, sweetheart, no, you're beautiful. more so than i could ever imagine."
he sees the man's eyes take all of him in before flitting back to his face. and yoongi suddenly feels so cold.   he wraps his arms around his chest, feeling too exposed too early.
"yoongi," the man says now, and yoongi has to hold down the shiver that threatens to shake his body at the sound of his name falling from the man's lips.
i thought me not adding the mcd tag would be enough of a hint, but i guess not 😔
idk :< people probably didn't read it bc they thought taegi actually die
no no 😂😂😂 it doesn't even matter. no one's reading the fic anyway. i've honestly just given up
i put so much effort into hiding this from everyone on the tl and look at you just saying it with your whole chest
yes! of course!
i'll update more soon!! thank you, i'm really glad you're enjoying it. and i promise the angst is like really little
to the person who sent me a cc just now about the hades/persephone au, i won't post it because you're pretty much spot on and it hurts my pride lol.   thank you for saying my plots are unpredictable. i do love plot twists, but i wanted to keep this one short & sweet.
you'll find out very soon!! it's like a pinch of angst before everything becomes okay
no no it's nothing intense. this is a short, sweet au, there's no plot twists in this one lolol i feel like i've traumatized you
don't worry, it gets resolved in like 5 tweets. there's like no angst in this au, and i plan to keep it that way :>
not for a while 😂
but even he knows the face of the ruler of the underworld, arguably the most hated man on mount olympus.  "taehyung," yoongi whispers now, and the smile taehyung returns is almost pained.
yoongi holds his breath, but when the mask falls and the man lifts his head to meet his eyes, yoongi loses all air in his chest.  he’d guessed that he was dancing with a hero, or perhaps a minor god. and yoongi may not be the best at recognising faces of the olympians.
in the end, he doesn't speak.   he pulls away from yoongi and reaches behind himself to untie his own mask.
"tell me the truth." yoongi opens his eyes. "do i not deserve to know? tell me why, why do you believe a marriage between us is impossible?"  the man looks conflicted, like he's both desperate and reluctant to speak.
he's being forced to suffer the humiliation anyway, so he dares to ask, even if part of him doesn't want to know at all.  "why?" he croaks out.  "yoongi—"
"i was not aware of your identity, and i know that is a poor excuse, but darling, i cannot marry you."  yoongi would've fled if he could, if he wasn't caged against the tree with the man's arms around him.
i totally get it!! i am attacking people with recs all the time!! don't worry about it, send them all to me in dms whenever you want to
oh thank god i've read one of these this time (the taegi)
i've read white chalk!! (please don't block me) but not the other two so um i'll read those too 😭
the last one is definitely the best 😌 lolol but thank you!! i'd been meaning to read the jikook fic but i forgot about it so i'm going to do that now!
thank you!! how is it that i've not read any of these 😭 i keep complaining that i have nothing to read
oh thank you!!!! i'll check it out!!
i read them all!!
thank you so much!!! i'll read both of these!!
either. i just want fics to read 😔
please reply with a few recent taegi fics you enjoyed?
oh nooo thank you so much!! please don't be shy, my dm's are always open if you want to be friends!
thank you!! i'm honestly surprised with myself. i never thought i'd be able to write flirty dialogue, so i'm proud of myself lol
they will!!!! 😂 they will do exactly that
yes. all our faults just exist in our brains 😔
for those who don't wish to scroll up, here's where my hades/persephone au starts. it is a short one so it's going to be wrapped up within 150 tweets, and hopefully by tomorrow.
yes!! i hope you like it!!
sure thing!! and i understand the mixed feelings bit too! i have those as well :/
hello, i just wanted to say, thank you for your stories i love reading all your words, your aus, everything you… — thank you so much for this lovely message!!! i've actually been debating whether i should continue writing fics…
thank you so much!!! they all look so good, i think i've seen yours before too. i'll read them!!!
thank you 🥺🥺🥺 i'm sending a couple of hugs back!!!!
thank you!!!!! 💛
thank you!!!! i'm sure i'll love them too
thank you so much 😭😭😭 i'm so happy you enjoyed it!!!
and yoongi is surprised by how right it feels. where he expected to find hesitation, he only feels a surge of adrenaline and excitement brimming inside of him at the thought.
“i—” he swallows and pauses, but yoongi can tell that he’s considering it.   “i cannot ask that of you.” taehyung whispers.  “you are not. i am the one suggesting it.”
“then we shall make it impossible for her or anybody else to object to it.” he says.  there is a brief moment where taehyung’s eyes are clouded with confusion, but when the meaning underlying yoongi’s words sinks in, they grow impossibly wider.
he can’t lose him, yoongi realises. he won’t.  and once the resolve settles into his spine, straightening his shoulders and jerking yoongi’s head up so he can stare right into taehyung’s gaze, the answer comes to him easily.
yoongi wants to scream at the unfairness of it all.   for all that he’s heard of taehyung in the hushed warning whispers of the dryads, not one word has come close to what he’s seen of him—compassionate and unabashedly charming taehyung with his teasing grins and sweet touches.
“you know just as well as me that it is not possible.” taehyung murmurs, and now that yoongi knows to look for it, the sadness in his eyes is evident.   “not one man on this realm will side with me if your mother objects to our betrothal. which she will.”
“then do it.” yoongi whispers. “make me yours.”  taehyung smiles at that, and yoongi can’t even bring himself to feel embarrassed at his boldness.
the sharp lines in taehyung’s face soften, and he brings a palm to cup yoongi’s cheek, wiping away a tear before it can spill down.  “sweetheart, you must know i want nothing more than to make you mine.”
for a long moment, taehyung doesn’t speak, and yoongi clenches his teeth tight, willing the tears to not fall.  “because i do.” his voice wavers despite his attempts. “i wish for you to be wed to me.”
"it is not my mother you'll be wed to.” he lifts his chin defiance, feeling uncharacteristically belligerent. he’s tolerated being ruled by his mother’s will long enough, and he will not let her ruin this for him. “it is me. do you wish to marry me?”
taehyung’s wide eyes fly up to meet his, and yoongi tightens his grip around taehyung’s wrist and tugs him closer.  "yoongi—"
surprisingly, yoongi doesn’t feel hesitant.  "do you wish to marry me?" he asks again.
and yoongi feels a sudden rage flare up at the thought of being controlled by matters that had nothing to do with him. gritting his teeth hard, he asks instead.  "do you?"  "what?"
it is not a lie. yoongi's mother has not made a secret of her dislike for taehyung. yoongi does not know the reason for it, but he seldom did when it came to olympian politics.
"yoongi, love, please do not make this more difficult." taehyung sighs. he isn’t meeting yoongi’s eyes, and it does something awful to yoongi.  "your mother would not wish for you to be wed to me."
taehyung must take yoongi's silence for agreement because he takes a step back to further the distance between them, and he looks like he's going to vanish any moment, but yoongi's hand shoots out and his fingers close around taehyung's wrist, stopping him before he can leave.
they haven't met before, but yoongi has heard enough to get a general idea.  "there's still some time remaining." taehyung murmurs with a glance towards the palace where the soft hum of the music can still be heard. "you should—you should look for somebody more suitable."
i'm sorry :< i wanted the happy ending to come as a surprise, and it's difficult to write a thriller fic and get the reader to feel the thrill if the ending is already spoiled. it was purely to heighten the reading experience. but i'm glad you enjoyed(?) the fic!
oh yes i've read the guardian and i loved it so much!! i'll give the other one a read too!! thank you so much! 💛
“but i promise that i’ll take care of you, and even though what we have isn’t love yet, you will always have my utmost devotion and respect and loyalty. that won’t change regardless of what may happen in the future.”
“life in the underworld will be different.” he says ultimately. “i cannot give you everything you may be used to here.”  yoongi is about to argue, but taehyung’s head drops into the curve between his neck and shoulder, and his voice is a whisper against yoongi’s ear.
“i could say the same for you. you could grow to hate me as well. we can never know the consequences of our decision prior to making it. but that is seldom a reason not to try.”  there is a momentary pause where yoongi supposes taehyung is considering his own decision.
yoongi smiles and feels his heart expand with an inexplicable fondness, taehyung’s hesitance only serving to strengthen his own resolve.  “but is that not a given?” he asks him, cocking his head to the side as he lets his thumb stroke soothing circles against taehyung’s hand.
taehyung sighs, leaning into him a little. his voice is softer when he speaks again.  “i am afraid that you are making a decision you cannot undo, and that with time, you may grow to hate it and hate me along with it.”
yoongi leans forward and presses a soft kiss to taehyung's lips.   "what is holding you back?" he asks and releases taehyung's wrist in favour of tangling their fingers together.
“i was looking for someone i could see myself growing to love with time." he says. "and i may not know you well enough, but even in this little time, you showed me that you’re thoughtful. you’ve shown me kindness. you’ve cared for my well-being despite having no reason to."
taehyung starts to speak, but yoongi cuts him off.
thank you so much 🥺🥺
“what else must i do to convince you that i am not a child?” he breathes out against taehyung’s lips.   “i was prepared to be wed to a stranger, and i am aware we’ve only known each other for a meager few hours. i am not naive. i held no fanciful ideas of finding love tonight.”
the sounds of the wet slide of their mouths parting and meeting again and again are loud in the night, and yoongi rests his forehead against taehyung’s when they finally part for air.
instead of replying, yoongi lifts himself up on his toes and presses their lips together once again.   and despite his hesitation, taehyung kisses him back, and this kiss is a lot less chaste.
but taehyung doesn’t look convinced. his eyebrows are creased in the middle even though his grip around yoongi’s waist is tight as a vice.  “are you certain? it is not—it’s not a decision you should make for someone you’ve only known for a night.”
yoongi can’t help the incredulous laugh that leaves him this time.  “i think we already established that i am not interested in setting a foot in this place ever again.”
taehyung licks his lips, and something in his eyes is darkening. his hand falls to yoongi’s waist and grips it tight enough that it feels almost possessive.   “you’ll never see her again.” he says. “you won’t ever be able to set foot in this place again.”
i hope u feel better soon, pls take care of yourself
i have to give it to jimin stans, yall are doing a great job of staying alive
are u feeling okay?
i know right, minhyuk's hair is a blessing
lol they just blocked me. whatever. saves me the trouble of doing it myself
thank you!! i've seen it around a lot. i'll read it and let you know what i think!! :>
thank you!!! 🥺 i really like the hades/persephone love story and wanted to retell it in a way that highlights consent and respect. i'm so happy you like this version of it!!
i'm happy you're liking it!! it's honestly just a result of me reading too many judith mcnaughts when i was a kid lolol
i really like hades too!!! i don't know much about greek mythology beyond percy jackson but he was the only one that seemed kinda nice. the other gods on olympus felt kinda pretentious?? idk but yeah thank you! i'm glad you're liking the au!!
and a short threadfic for my hades/persephone au! 💛
i posted a taegi survival horror fic for taegi week day 4!
thank you!! i'm glad you like it!! :> it's born from all the medieval romance novels i read when i was a kid lol. and i wanted a nicer and more respectful version of the hades/persephone love story
thank you!! i'm glad you like the hades/persephone au, it was lying in my drafts for an embarrassing amount of my time so i'm glad i polished and posted it at last!
hi, could you link your moments tweet, please? the one with all your prompts and au ideas. — it is here!
thank you!! honestly it wouldn't be out until next year but i hope you'll like it!
to give you an idea: the marriage pact with the demon one is dark fantasy with revenge undefined has the us against the world vibe. the woke up married is a sweet strangers to lovers fic.
i know which fic you're talking about. i obviously won't write the same plot, but i'll try to write something as good!
tw drowning  republican marriage was an old method of execution of a couple. (no taegi won't die. most probably they'll be tied together & tossed into the sea, and then somehow miraculously survive.)
so i'm still thinking about which big fic to write next. which is why i want to ask—which of these tropes sounds the most interesting to you? they're all taegi of course
i don't have a plot for it yet :< i'm still thinking
this has me wanting to write my 60s mail order bride au
yknow how some writers can tie their readers into the scenes in their stories? or the place, emotions, situations… — thank you so much! this is such a compliment. i'm really happy to know that you are able to relate to the charact…
receive the response you'd been looking forward to for so long.  i'm trying to move past the disappointment and work on other stories, but it's difficult because i really don't want to go through it again. i'm still figuring it out, but thank you! your message cheered me up!!
thank you!! i'm really happy my writing is something you look forward to! because it is something i look forward to as well! i've just been upset about the reception of my last fic, and i'm weighing whether it is worth putting in months of effort into writing when you don't +
omg yes, it does!! royalty taegi always makes me weak 😌
the way that's the au i'm most inclined to write at the moment
this thread just made my entire day 😭😭😭 we need a fic for each one of those headcanons
does any of the prompts in your poll have that gladiator idea you posted a while ago? bc that sounded so cool — oh yes! the marriage pact with a demon au will have gladiator fights because i am weak for them.
i'm glad to hear that 🥰🥰🥰
the two are actually the ones i'm leaning towards as well!
i definitely agree. twitter is hardly the best prediction tool for these things. by the end of it i will pick the plot that seems the most reasonable to write.
i've not yet finalized!! i'll eventually end up writing whichever plot seems the most reasonable. and so far i'm leaning towards marriage pact & republican marriage au!
i want to write them all too!! and i'll try to!
they're all ideas i like, so i want to write them all too!! i'll try to do it but let's see :/
the republican marriage? or the marriage pact maybe
yes i know 😭 and i want to take a break but my biggest enemy is my own brain that keeping popping out ideas and i get excited. i'm going to force this break on myself though. ive written so much in this year alone, it's no joke
i was supposed to be on my writing break 😞
in the 60s!
i already came up with the title for the republican marriage au. please stop me.
my recalcitrant nature is convincing me to write the prompt with the least votes. why am i like this. and then i wonder why people aren't reading my fic 😔 when i go out of my way to write the niche of all niches
he did 😌
i plan the basic outline—the conflict and its cause and resolution. where the other members come in. what kind of personalities each one of them has. i may sit on an idea for months but unless i have a general idea of how the story will pan out, i don't start writing.
anime, films, obscure philosophies i stumbled across while researching for projects, the wikipedia catalogue of methods of capital punishment
oh they're really interesting, different from the questions i've usually seen. i'm going to be answering them for the next hour
this tweet is too loud
literally me. at least now i can tell myself i was initially academically gifted.
just one more update to go!! i'll try to finish this fic today!
i did not expect this poll to get over 500 votes. thank you so much for sharing your thoughts with me ✨✨ i am still wrangling all the ideas floating inside my head, and i may even mash together two of these tropes because i love unusual plotlines, but let's see how it goes!!
if any of my fics had a character death, it would definitely be tagged. but since this one doesn't have that tag so :>
it helped that i was genuinely interested in the topic 😔 but that only gets you so far
a reminder that this is what i posted for  !! i'm promoting it once again in case people missed it or forgot about it. it's my best work so far, and i won't spoil it, but believe me when i say that it is not going to go the way you think it will.
i haven't been on an elevator in like a year but i swear the next time i get on one, i'm going to get chills
thank you so much 😭😭
you're the best 😭😭😭
my latest fic!! it's my best work so far, but sadly, it didn't get the reception i'd hoped for :<
descriptions of the setting. i am not an observant person by nature so this is very difficult for me.
i think i'm good at coming up with unique plotlines. i pay a lot of attention to the motivations and reasoning behind a character's actions, and i've been improving my dialogue too so those too!!
writing
planning the niche plots no one else will give me
plot undefined smut
trope subversion!! consent!! revenge stories!! gladiator fights!! characters who own their bodies and don't give a fuck!!
ha. i'm just going to post screenshots of my research doc for my zombie au. i'm not from a science background so it was a mess. i had to research a lot about the logistics of elevator engineering too because i had no idea what happens if you do get trapped in one.
it is my dream to write chronologically, but it is impossible. i usually work on a different scene for a while so that i can look at the previous scene with fresh eyes and pick out the errors i couldn't before.
after!
anthropology professor yoongi & his biologist husband taehyung
an entirely predictable tweet from me, but: taegi married
oh i want to try this. i am not sure if i'd be able to withstand it, but i'm really curious.
i'm happy you enjoyed it :>
i hope you like it! 🥰
😂😂😂 i'll wait to hear your thoughts on it!!
thank you!! i'm glad you think so ☺️
thank you!!! ✨ i'm glad to know that you enjoyed it!!
😂😂😂 i'm glad you like my suffering
it does have angst, but how should i say this—there's a lot more happening besides the angst. it's more of a thriller actually.
i guess zombies aren't something many people like to read and it sounds angsty. people probably find it hard to read angst these days with how things are irl
thank you!!! i did a lot of research because i'm genuinely interested in the topic and i've been reading about human history & evolution for quite some time before this fic as well. so even if i didn't use it for this fic, the knowledge is still helpful!
lmao i am interested in human evolution so it was enjoyable till the point where i had no idea what they were talking about so i gave up then. but i've been reading about it for quite some time, and it was useful knowledge regardless of whether i used it for my fic or not!
they're the one good thing in my life right now :/ i probably wouldn't be able to devote as much time to them once i start school again
i do have an interest in evolution so that helped immensely, but i was still way in over my head.
so i'm in a mood to dole out fic recs. reply with an emotion, and i'll give you a fic from my bookmarks that i feel contains it.
i'm looking through my ao3 bookmarks and i realised how predictable i am.
(taegi, magic school au)   (jihope, resistance fighters)   (taegi, civil war)   (vmin, royalty au)  i'm not sure if i've recced them to you before, but if you want more, lemme know!
thank you for reading!! i'm glad the note helped you feel better about the ending 💛
thank you!!!!! 💛💛💛💛💛 i'm really happy you enjoyed it!
i hope you liked it!! ✨
i hope you like it! :>
i haven't decided which of them to write first so let's see :<
that is him!!!!! 🥺🥺
please send it to me 😭😭
they're cute!!! stop it!!
i am going to post an excerpt of them talking again post recovery! in a few days probably
😂😂😂
what emotion is that 😂
i hope this makes you feel better!
i hope you like it :>
lol
it is if you say it is. also i couldn't choose between these two, so you can have both because you're special 💛
i hope you like them!! ✨
ahh i get it now thank you! and this is one of my favourite fics in the entire fandom, i hope you like it!
i'm going to confess that i've seen this emoji so often but i have no idea what it is supposed to mean
you manifested it :>
which fic is this??
i feel like i'm just making it more complicated lolol but i really like the idea!! please write it comfortably, and thank you for indulging me :>
i’m in love with all of your writings!! i hope you’ll write something new soon because really your words are warm… — hello!! i really want to write something soon too but i'm struggling with all of my prompts because i have these …
this entire thread has me fanning my face
ohh i love the tie detail!!! and let's say cheek kisses are actually a very recent development in their relationship, mostly because of the few times they have to visit their parents for dinner and have to keep up the facade. but recently they took to doing it in private too :>
omg thank you!! i'll look forward to it 🥺
is that too much? i feel like i'm not giving you any wiggle room, please take that prompt and write it as you want to!
ohh wait i take back what i said, they're husbands! (please act surprised) their marriage was forced but they like each other! but think it's unrequited. then one night tae comes home tipsy and leans down to kiss yoongi's cheek but misses and kisses the corner of his lips instead
i just finished reading "your silence is my favorite sound" and i loved it! i really like the way you portray you… — thank you!!! i'm glad you liked it! :undefined
14 taegi!! fluff! accidental like they aren't in a relationship but like mutually pining 🥺
you sound so pretty!!! 😳
oh finally, my favourite kind of fics. you get two for being special ✨
it's okay, 😂 reply again with an emotion & i'll give you a fic
read itttt it's so good
this one would be perfect for you!
top tweets by bangtan
someone pls buy my wips and complete them
pls give him lots of love ;;;;;.
ofcourse ur writing is beautiful!! thank you so much for sharing it with us
thank you so much!!! i'm really happy you like it! ✨ (btw, this lifetime was the only one they were able to marry and build a life together) but yes that fic was very angsty. you can read this soft au i'm writing atm if you want!
i'm very predictable. yes i know 😭
no only taehyung is experiencing it all in one lifetime :undefined dying in each one of them
hi lovely!!! i love your fics a lot. do you plan to write for the bts trans fest? 🥰 — hello!! i just looked into it, and it sounds amazing. i'm afraid i can't join in this round because my masters program starts in a few days and…
so now the agenda is to write the ending of my hades/persephone au, then finish the excerpt from my zombie au. and then if i have any life left in me, write the smut drabble.
i'm cheering for you!! it's okay even if you don't write it, just the thought of it is a blessing for me 😭
omg that's even better. i take this back, your fic is my dream fic now. please write if you find the time to, i'll gift you something as well 🥺
maybe i'll write a short smut drabble for it instead 👀
i'm actually really bad at slow burn :< i prefer to write tight and tense scenes.
i'm asking lmao.
"don't worry, i'll never touch you." taehyung told yoongi on their wedding night, and now six months into their arranged marriage, yoongi would give just about anything for his husband to touch him.  a sweet slow burn medieval husbands to lovers with no drama. only tender pining.
yes 🥺 i actually have one right now. wait i'll dm
thank you 😭 i actually need just that. i'll do that. thank you!!
yeah i'm going to do that as well now 😔
hi this is my first time to write cc and i just wanna say that i've read your loveless marriage fic, and the zomb… — thank you!! i'm glad you liked the zombie fic!! (the fact you're a pharmacologist is blowing my mind…
feel like deleting the ones that i have posted already
i'm going to stop tweeting my fic ideas here because i'm seeing people use them with no shame
i've posted the full fic on ao3 so i won't be continuing this thread!
stay with me, sway with me ↳ taegi, teens+ (5k)  • hades & persephone au • masquerade ball • flirting • slow dancing  yoongi must find a man to marry by the end of the night.  →
this is organised bullying 😭
nothing big. just embarrassed of my old stuff 😔
😂😂😂 like you wouldn't do it too
i'm not. i'm obviously seokjin.
lmao it's okay yoongi, ask me instead
oh
nooooooo don't read it omygod. each time someone tells me they're reading that fic, a part of me just shrivels up and dies.
i'm so excited!!!!!!! thank you, i'm looking forward to it!!!
this is so good it's blowing my mind 😳😳😳
omg yes please!!
noo don't be embarrassed! it was really nice! take your time, i'll be cheering for you!! :d
i always wanted a taegi hunger games au, and i remember reading a drabble you posted long back of them kissing the night before the games began? i loved it so much, and aasdffjjk i'm just weak for taegi in a hunger games setting
omg yes yes yes i will do anything
okay!! i'll watch it tonight! thank you
thank you!! i'll start working on it soon!
our drabble!!!!!!!! that's so cute. are you expecting me to complain about the 3k??? because that'll never happen! i'll read it all!
thank you!! i'm glad you like it! i'm very interested in writing the sequel too! lemme figure out some of my other wips and then i'll start to write it!
i really need a service top taehyung. is anyone going to write it or will i have to do this awful thing called writing it myself?
i'm always so tired of the fic by the time i reach the end, so i'm sorry if my endings suck
i hope you like it!!
i'm probably going to write it after i'm done with some other wips!! thank you for reading though 💛
wow i'm so proud of her too!!!!
i hope you like it! ✨ it's not a kind of fic i usually write
lmaao i am actually interested in writing it so i don't need a lot of convincing
thank you!! you'll find all my writing in my moment! it has all the fics i've written and wish to write in the future :> i hope you like them!
i've resigned to the fact that i can never stick to my promised word count 😔
thank you, but that fic is something i can churn out in 3-5 days max, but i get anxious when i'm writing someone else's prompt like maybe they wouldn't like it. and i end up losing my motivation altogether :<
i prefer ao3 but yes i've done thread fics a couple of times!
context: my hades/persephone fic was a fic giveaway for 500 followers that i was supposed to post in february
i want to do a lot of fic giveaways because i love gifting fics but meeting expectations feels so suffocating.
thank you!! i'm glad you enjoyed it! ✨✨
this one is the best
thank you!!! i want to give them a sequel as well, and i'll start plotting that once i'm done with some of my other wips :>
we're married, of course it's our home 💛
yes i really need a break so that i can look at them with fresh eyes. right now everything i've written sucks :< but thank you, i'm glad you like them
same
i hope it makes you feel better 💛
if it helps, i didn't notice that at all!! i was so taken by what he was saying
this is so good!!!!! i loved what namjoon said about complete opposites!!
i say that but i'm going to be on ao3 for the next 30 minutes lol
i'll play tomorrow because i really should sleep now, but how do you keep the map and open and play at the same time? you can probably tell i don't play a lot of games. i haven't played anything after minesweeper
i was familiarising myself with the interface by playing freeplay, but it's so hard. do you memorize the layout as you play longer or am i going to keep looking at the map every 5 seconds?
i hope you enjoy it :>
sure!!! i will tomorrow!
oh it sounds interesting!! i'm going to give it a try!
yes i have! i have to sleep now but i'll try it tomorrow!
idk town of salem. but im figuring it's like killing people and not getting caught. i'm installing it, i'll give it a try tomorrow. you play with me so i don't make a fool out of myself in front of other people
i see. well im downloading it. i'll give it a try tomorrow.
i'm finally giving in. what is among us.
thank you!! i'm really grateful you do! and i do want to write it, but maybe after i finish my 45678 other wips, i'll consider it 😭
easy for you to say 😭
but if you want to read some police/criminal taegi fics, check these out!
yeah um no, no giveaway for you. my head hurts already
i hope it'll cheer you up! you deserve it!!
hello! i'm doing another fic giveaway!   quote this tweet with a line or a scene from one of my fics that you enjoyed reading. you may quote more than once for multiple entries!  the winner will be chosen at random on 30th sept, and i'll write you a 5k taegi fic of your choice!
wow you're so pretty!! and the daechwita pics 😳
thank you :>
it's okay! and yes you do need to make an account. you'll have to get an invite from ao3. they send one to your mail in a couple of days. but i have a few invites if you want one. to subscribe, you go the user's page & click on the "subscribe" button on the top right.
lmao there is a high chance that might happen. but even despite that, i do have ideas for long fics that i am ~considering~
i'm all for anything you would want to write! but to keep it reasonably feasible, maybe stick to fluff?
i'll accept it 😂
i love it already!! the details sound so domestic & cute. i'm waiting till i get my hands on it, i'm going to devour it all
thank you!! i'm glad you liked it!!
thank you!!
now i'm just sitting & waiting for people to subscribe lol
thank you! i'll start it as soon as i reach the milestone!!
so i am considering another fic giveaway because i'm close to reaching a personal milestone on my ao3 user subscriptions. would people be interested in that? i'll write you a 5k fic that probably has something to do with taegi being married.
finally!!!
thank you!! i'm really happy you enjoyed it! i hope you like the rest of my stuff as well! have a nice day, love! ✨
i'm considering doing one very soon actually!
thank you!!! ✨✨✨
i think it was perfect for their dynamic!! thank you!! i'm glad you liked it as well!
that's the scene that started the whole fic for me!!!
ahhh i was crying while writing this 😭 thank you!! i'm glad you liked it too
lmao this bit cracks me up everytime 😂
of course 😂😂😂 he's the sweetest thing
thank you!!! that bit was actually the hardest for me to write, but i'm so happy you liked it!
thank you!!! and lol that was a cute exchange. i love yoongi and seokjin's dynamic in that fic.
that's one of my favorite lines too 😭 thank you!!
thank you!!! that's the one line everyone's quoted back to me in the comments 😂
ahhh thank you!! honestly it's been so long since i read this again
lol
😂😂😂 thank you!! honestly i never feel confident about intimate scenes, and i kept thinking people would find it too corny, but i'm so glad to know that you liked it!!
this seems to be everybody's favorite scene 😂😂 thank you!! i'm glad you enjoyed reading it!
only you're allowed 😔
that made me tear up too. like he's lived so long having to hide his truth from yoongi, and even now i imagine he didn't want to reveal it, but he thought that he was finally going to die and he allowed himself to be selfish. just once.
oh yes. the start of it all 😶
as long as you don't reread ysimfs it's all good
that was really hard to do. i'm glad you liked it!!
as they should 😌
you do know that you don't really have to participate in this, right? i'd write you what you want anyway
that's actually my favorite part of the fic as well 😭😭😭 i'm dead to the rest of the fic but this bit makes me emotional all over again
i'm just excited to have taehyung press yoongi into the mattress and call him his tight darling. it's literally the only thing i have planned and it's all i want to write.
lmao i love seokjin in this fic. i love it when he bullies yoongles.
ooh this is a cute one
no i definitely understood what you meant! and it's okay, english isn't my first language either!! :>
thank you 🥺
look at this 😂
i'll look forward to it 😂
lmaao thank you! i'm glad you liked it 💛
it's what i think too whenever i get overwhelmed by ~things~ it's called optimistic nihilism!
i cannot 😂😂😂
what 😂😂😂
it's okay!! i honestly set this requirement just to make sure my fic goes to someone who appreciates my efforts and writing. i already know you do that thanks to the lovely mail you sent me! 💛
i was crying while writing this 😭
that's one of my favorite lines too!!! i'm glad you like it too!!
of course it is 😞
thile inspiration behind this scene was actually a performance art by yoko ono called "cut piece" you can watch it here:
the way i cried while writing that too 😭😭 i couldn't even see the screen of my phone
these are actually built on top of something madara uchiha says in naruto!! in case you wish to check that out
i'm going to bully everyone into reading aeons
thank you 🥺 people liking this fic means so much to me
this was quite honestly one of the best things i've read in this whole year. it is both heart-breaking and heart-warming in the best and worst kind of ways.
ahh thank you!! i only know about greek mythology because i read the percy jackson books in high school 😂 but thank you! i'm glad you like my stuff, it makes all the research worthwhile!!
it cracks me up all the time too 😂
oh noooo stop it. you're going to end up ghostwriting this whole fic for me. but this is so good. i'm suddenly all for a sweet & touch starved taehyung
i am way past my sleeping deadline right now but you will see a dm from me tomorrow :>
i feel like i should discuss & plan this fic with you because i'm just jotting down all your ideas frantically, like yoongi using endearments for tae!!!! so many thoughts!!!!!! i need to brainstorm!
i still haven't watched/read it so i'm far behind you. it's okay :<
omygod yes! did not think of it like that, but now i'm imagining taehyung touching yoongi everywhere and worshipping his body 😭 you did not need to do this to me
yess that song and its performance is my favorite to date. it's my happiest thing to watch
me too 😞
now if the tannies perform boyz with fun on the jimmy fallon show, i will literally pass out. please
thank you!! and yes! learning english proved helpful in a lot of ways i cannot describe. like my native tongue is gendered and binary, and in english "you" & "i" are gender neutral, so i am able express myself without having to refer to my gender all the time
wow i'm flattered 😭 but no i learnt english because i was thrown into an english speaking boarding school where i was made fun of for not knowing the language. i learnt it to survive :/
i have nothing written but this one thing lives in my brain rent-free 😂
my hades/persephone taegi wedding night sequel teaser???
cutiee
im so soft and gay for yuju
23
dont let it bring u down alright? ur stronger than theyll ever be, pls never let it get it to u
i hope ur alright, did she say anything after?
today is really one of the most tragic days ever but i hope for better days and better times, for taehyun to be happy wherever he is
god help this fandom
it makes me cry too 😭😭😭
don't expose me 😭 i have one relationship template and i use it everywhere
i'm going to slowly infect every author into writing married taegi fics. that is my evil plan.
where alphas are supposed to take charge, the two of them discover that they very much prefer the opposite.
i'm just going to get it out of my body: abo verse that is also a viking verse where yoongi is traded to the vikings for safe passage and then married to the jarl's son taehyung. on their wedding night +
ohh i've been meaning to start this. thank you!!!
which one 👀
oh same. i usually have a plan of action but then i'd see a prompt that says "service top tae" and my entire train of thought would derail. but i'd toss the prompts at you for when you do the giveaway!!
you should be careful about tweeting things like this. i take all and every opportunity to toss married taegi prompts at people
the thing is that i like my ideas a lot, but they're not working out as in, i have the conflict in mind but can't find a feasible way to resolve it :< i'll just sit on them longer. it's the only way
this was unnecessary 😭😭😭
i'm angry and i'm going to bully everyone on the tl to read it
aaah i feel embarrassed now. pretend you didn't read that.
wait i don't understand this. is tae his car bc he's going to ride him????
oh i'm gonna save this one
siren!!!!
this is unacceptable
didn't really want to continue this, but i was talking to someone about it, and i felt like this might bring some insight to others about how a lot of authors might feel.
shush 😂😂 the author follows me and this is embarrassing already
i'm going to sleep
ahhhhhhhhhh i don't care anymore
i know people could've opened it even without reading the fic, but there are literally 1k engagements on it. and it's hard to not feel hurt that even half of those people who finished reading the fic couldn't bother to hit a button?? to let me know that they enjoyed it?
i'm in a mood to rant, and i don't usually do this, but i can see the media engagements on this tweet. the tweet is meant to be opened after you finish reading my fic, and the numbers on it come nowhere close to the kudos on ao3.
please stop being silent readers, i am so tired of saying this one thing over and over again.
i'm trying to learn morse code and i can only think about it happened quiet
happy birthday!!!!! ✨✨✨✨✨
i have no idea how i descended into it
i would've never replied to that tweet if i knew it would gain so much traction. but i'm glad my moment of shame gave you some good thoughts lol.
nooooo don't publicize my moment of shame 😭
the blasphemy. i love tomatoes
it was this imagery that made me want to write the fic in the first place. two people stuck in a loveless marriage and just lying in their bed at night, awake and aware of the awful situation. the original version had them having some soulless sex too but im not so cruel :<
i think it was the perfect metaphor for them!! to be bound by an obligation that feels like a leash around the throat.
i think i know that taegi zombie fic. but i believe it's deleted now? was it the one where tae makes a flame thrower thingy? and jk has a garrote?   anyway, thank you so much for reading this!!! i'm glad you liked it. i couldn't possibly give them a sad ending after all that :<
thank you!! i'm really glad you did 🥰🥰
oh that's an abbreviation for one of my old fics: your silence is my favourite sound :]
thank you!! most probably i'm just going to end up writing another royalty fic and pray people forget about this one lol. i am working on one right now actually!!
honestly i don't know. i didn't want to delete it because i didn't want to lose comments. i didn't want to orphan it either because then i'd lose control over it. so i made it private for a while until i figure out what i want to do with it :<
omygod noo ok wait i'll send you the link to the google doc :undefined
nooo don't read it please 😭
i actually hid the fic by adding it in an unrevealed collection, but i have no idea why ao3 would send an email for that.
why did ao3 send an email about me posting ysimfs?????
boyz with fun & baepsae
oooo
it's amazing!! you should definitely read it!!
thank you for reading!! i'm glad you enjoyed reading it 🥺
thank you so much!! 💛💛💛
thank you!!! i'm really happy to know that you enjoyed reading it!! ✨✨
thank you 🥺 i'm glad you liked it!!!
i suddenly need to write a historical taegi fic
fuck i finally watched the idol performance and here are thoughts: aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
i'm so excited for john cena to meet bts. i'm going to live that moment vicariously through him.
hello tannies you up???
yes omg congrats!!!!!
oh no no there's no update. idk what happened and why ao3 sent a mail but there's no update :<
lmaao
yes i added the fics to an unrevealed collection. but i have no idea why ao3 would send an email for that :/
this is so good 😳😳😳😳
it's okay!! you'd still get to read whatever it is (i'll weasel in my married taegi agenda, don't worry) but regardless of that, i'd love to write you something anyway
retweeting this again! there are three days left before the giveaway ends :>
i hope i do end up finishing it 😔
yes yes no sad endings in my house!
i literally just texted you yesterday that i'm going to be less active on the writing front lololol
okay fuck fine i'm writing it 😭
what omygod
i don't care if you've read it already. read it again.
's joseon fic where tae pushes himself in front of yoongi to make sure the arrows go through him instead 😭😭😭 i am sobbing again
taehyung is his moon
look at that lovely height difference 😌
not daechwita exactly, but it'll be a marriage pact with the devil au! and yoongi will stab people with swords so :d
in conclusion, i'd like to say that taegi are married.
i'm very much motivated by this one image so i'll do it!!
i'll look forward to it!!
thank you so much!!!! i was worried because it's my first time writing a thriller and i was unsure if it'd come across as intense & thrilling. i'm so happy to know you enjoyed reading it!! ☺️
since i've already written three fics for ella in the past, she requested me to pick another winner, and that is   :>
to be very honest i already know that i'm going to end up writing some 100k historical fantasy for ella. gods really screwed me over.
i counted 68 entries, randomized the list and picked an arbitrary item from it using an online tool and   is the winner!!  i recorded the process as well in case anyone wants to question the authenticity of it.
hello!! so the giveaway is now closed. i'm going to pick the winner and come back in a few minutes :>
best of luck!! ✨
i'm glad you saw it now! ✨
i just want john cena to pick up seokjinnie like the little birdie he is
the giveaway closes in five hours!! if anyone wants to participate, now is the time to do it :>
i was so excited for john cena to meet bts. i hope he gets to do it soon :<
never too late to log out & leave another 😌 i do it each time i reread a fic i liked
i haven't had the time but i plan on having a marathon of all the fics i haven't read of yours. and this one is right at the top! please expect me in your inbox
enjoy :)
good news for you: i've started!
i hope you enjoy it! ☺️
taehyun... okay i guess it's time to become a moa
oh no that is so cute 🥺
lmao i'm motivated by the chuseok content for now. but i'll tell you when the bullying is required.
the plot we agreed on is definitely not something that can be wrapped even in 15k let alone 5k.
thank you!!!! this is so sweet! 💛💛💛
it is!! from glory & gore :d
lmaaoo thank you!!! hopefully you'll continue to enjoy my works ☺️
yes! baby jungkook doesn't like tomatoes lol. he loves strawberries since he spent a lot of time on taehyung's grandparents' strawberry farm :>
ohhh tell me!! i'm interested!
it's okay! you can send me any ideas you might have in my dms!! i collect them all like nuts, and i'd love to write you something :>
thank you!! :>
thank you!!!
glad you like it 🥰
the pattern is not mine :< but i did spend an embarrassing amount of time trying and comparing all permutations and combinations of colors
i have no writing for this week's   but this is for my next fic :undefined
i need a steampunk thriller romance with taegi in these outfits. something with mail order brides, mysterious disappearances in a small town, and dead husbands buried in the backyard.
taehyung                                 yoongi
thank you everybody who quoted a few lines from my fics. i cannot describe how much that meant to me! but really i love to gift fics, and i'd love to write for anybody who appreciates my writing. so if you have an idea simply dm me!~
:d
i'm gonna do this. give me some time
seeing people quote lines & scenes from my fics made me want to make a thread of snippets from some of my favorite taegi fics
oh noooooo i'm sobbing :_:
i hope it conveyed how much i love and appreciate it 🥺
why are a lot of people suddenly following me
i cannot describe my feelings for this fic. i cried so much like i do with most of  's fics. it was so soft and hurtful and heartwarming and healing and just amazing. hands down one of the most romantic fics i've ever read.
happy birthday!!!! 💛
it was an unavoidable outcome, i'm sorry
😂😂😂
it's too late 😐 taehyung just hinged his jaw open and swallowed him whole like the cute and soft dumpling that he is
because it is 🙃
you literally texted me your epiphany about "vore" just a few days ago. not a word from you
hate to disappoint you all, but taegi subunit ain't gonna happen because taehyung ate yoongi.
this is so good omy go od 😶😶😶
college has barely started and i already have no idea what's going on on twitter :/
i loved the dresses so much. thank you so much for drawing taegi in them!!!!
omyfuckinggod im screaming
so this one, i took the gladiator idea and used it another wip, so i'm not really sure what will happen to this prompt :<
i am actually working on this one for a giveaway :> so you'll get to read it hopefully in a few months
i really like the idea of yoongi in a wedding dress setting fire to this own wedding and making a run for it. i want to write it but i'll have to flesh out more of the plot. i'll sit on it till i can come up with a more complex plot
thank you!! this one is one i really want to write but at a later date when i feel like my writing would do justice to the plot. i don't think i can write a murder mystery at the moment :<
just remembered i had this au too. when will i ever get to write all my aus.
this is all i ever wanted
omg i was always intrigued by their dynamic in that fic!! i'd love to read their story too!!
me too. but my friend who had one told me they have a short lifespan :<
mauve & emerald 🥺
this is gorgeous!!!!! ✨✨
you deserve it ✨✨✨✨
dope really did it for me. and then house of cards drove the final nail.
im sobbing once again
jimin teasing yoongi always adds 10 years to my life
if you haven't read aeons already with the way i've been yelling about it to anyone who'll listen, do not talk to me.
this one was heart-wrenching
the fact that this fic is orphaned will haunt me forever. i will never know who wrote this masterpiece.
everyone who knows me knows that i am obsessed with this fic. please act surprised.
yes please continue. i am very attentive
honestly i don't think i'll write the fake fiance one & the loveless au sequel.
trying to make sense of everything i said i'd write  -marriage pact with a demon longfic -republican marriage au -loveless au yoongi sequel -zombie fic post-recovery excerpt -fake fiance threadfic -mail order bride au -hades/persephone smut sequel -time travel giveaway fic
he's too precious 😭😭😭
:>
this is so cute 🥺🥺
omg yes please!!! this is so pretty and an ariel tae 🥺🥺🥺
this is so good. i love it 😭😭😭
the piggyback ride in hawaii!! and and their helsinki date :<
i really want to write a woke up married fic!! maybe after i finish all the stuff i already have lined up first
i don't think i'll write this exactly, but i am working on a murder/revenge fic!
this again, i don't think i'll write it. i've written a vampire au before.
i am supposed to write this too. sigh.
ah this one i can say i won't write lol. i ended up using the reincarnation trope in my one of my recent fics, and i don't like writing the same trope again.
i hope to get to this too 😭😭 sorry i have too many ideas but too little time to get to them
i am wondering the same thing. i was actually very close to writing it. i have the whole thing planned to the final scene, but it was too long to write at the time, and right now i'm studying for my masters and i have so many wips. i have no idea what to do honestly.
i need caffeine
tae hiding under the mattress is my sexual orientation
!!!!! i missed my morning class today !!!! bc apparently bts playing jenga was important enough to stay up all night
yassssss  (and pet his cute hair too)
and roast him and eat him as well nom nom~
yoongi's probably getting stressed over his mixtape and having silly thoughts that it isnt good enough & i just want to hug this marshmallow
i wont even mind if yoongi just makes grunting noises in the mixtape
but ur notepad fics !!! andneonbunnyandnerdinluandtheyoutuberau and im not ok
u rite tho....ill just go do wat i do best and roll around in my sheets for an hour
ok this is the 38th time im watching aoa's heart attack in a day (and thats just for today) wat is wrong with me
im already crying
well atm im trying to learn the lyrics to cypher pt3 so yeah i'll join u as well
love you too :)
muwahahaahahaa
you better be!!! i keep dying over and over again from your fics its all ur fault
if i dont end up killing someone by the end of the day, give me a nobel
what sorcery is this
if my feed isnt spammed by fancams of this tokyo meet ill legit bomb this country
bitch ur precious
i can't with this boy
😂😂😂
i'm doing that too :< i'll probably give in soon and take a painkiller
me too 🥺
are you reading mdzs fanfiction???
i'm going to get to that after i finish writing some of the other wips on the list :>
the zombie fic. excerpt is almost complete :> so i'll post it soon. the hades/persephone sequel, i want to pick that up after i've finished some of the other items on the list. the mail order bride au, i'm still in the middle of plotting!! i'm excited to write them all!!
the zombie apocalypse excerpt is pretty much done, and i'll post it very soon! and the marriage pact au is my next fic but i'm still working out all the plot holes :< so that'll take some time
thank you!! i hope you'll like both of them ☺️
and i started writing the republican marriage au but it requires a lot of research so i had to take a pause on that :<
the marriage pact au is going to be my next fic but there are a lot of holes in the plot so i'm still trying to flesh the whole thing out. the hades/persephone sequel—i'll pick it up after i'm done with some of the others on the list :<
i started writing the republican marriage au but i had to stop because i can't bullshit my way through it any longer so i'll actually have to watch some survival films first :/ but the zombie au excerpt is almost done, so i'll post it any one of these days :>
i tried to write the fake fiance one since that won my poll but for some reason it was really difficult to write, so i gave up on that :< the marriage pact is the one that has my focus for now!! it's going to be my next fic most probably
the marriage pact is technically my "next fic" but there are so many holes in the plot right now :< so i'm still in the process of weaving it all together. and the zombie fic excerpt is almost done!!
yes! when i came across it, i really wanted to read a taegi fic for it but there's no one else doing it, so i had to the awful thing called writing it myself. i'm really excited about it!
the zombie fic excerpt is halfway complete, and the hades/persephone one—i want to pick it up once i'm done with a couple of the other wips
i actually started writing it! but i'm kinda stuck because i need to do a ton of research before i continue writing it
i'm in the middle of plotting that one!!!
noooooooo how could you do this to me i love it so much already 😭😭😭
is there any you're looking forward to the most?
ohhh this is interesting. my first thought was to say cock lol but no um i'll go with cheeks :>
yes! i tried to give them the best ending i could, and i don't really like open endings either but it was the best i could give them in that situation. and the addendum after that to explain more.
it's okay!! take your time, and i hope you'll like it when you do :> i'll look forward to hearing what you think of it!
thank you!! i'm so happy you like it :undefined
this is actually the goal i have for yoongi in my marriage pact with a demon au. to slowly crush whatever moral compass kept him complacent and have him become a devil solely driven by his revenge & ambition.
you know what you're absolutely right
tae is newly turned and not in control of his senses. but when he eventually recognizes who he was going to drink from, he stops, and both of them just stare at each other in shock.
i've already written a vampire marriage au before, but i am um thinking.
chaebol heirs taegi who are entering a marriage for a merger. but the night after their engagement, yoongi is walking home after a trip to a convenience store when he's pulled into an alley and pushed against the wall where his fiancé tries to sink his teeth into his throat
i don't read a lot of yoonkook anymore, but this one was really cute
taegi
the only kind of misery i love
oh this is such a nice idea
yess i love abo trope subversions!!!!! i'm excited to read yours!
that idea is still kinda new so i'm going to sit on it for a while to come up with the full plot
the fake fiance—i don't think i'm going to write it. it won one of my polls so i really wanted to write it but when it wasn't working out so i kinda gave up on it :<
the marriage pact au is the one i'm focusing on at the moment. and the time travel idea is relatively new so i'll sit on it for now. the republican marriage au is probably my favourite of the lot but it requires a lot of research before i start writing it :<
it really is completely different from what i usually write, and when i tried to write it, it wasn't working out, so i gave up on it :< i'm focusing on some of the other ideas first
i've read it 😭😭😭
i've read it 😭
i will kill you
who came up with the brilliant idea of group projects
i'm having a really exasperating and exhausting day, and i got two hours of break in between. can someone please reply with your favourite taegi fics under 15k?
at this point i'm convinced i can teach the course better.
fuck i just remembered why i hate college. everyone is dumb as shit.
glad to help :>
do you have any advice on starting a fic and not abandoning them? haha i have been struggling about it — ah yes, so i'm not sure why you abandon your fics, but the writing process is usually very long and exhaustive, so it's understandable…
helloo i love you and your works!! — thank you so much!! :>
thank you 🥺🥺🥺
this is so beautiful 😳😳😳
thank you!!! 💛
link!!! the universe is telling me to read it!!
😂😂😂😂😂 omg, is that a fic?
i'm sorry :undefined
personally i like this paragraph a lot. i honestly love the whole fic. i put a lot of thought into every line and word, but this one reads really good.
almost everyone quoted this bit back to me, so i suppose it's the most impactful part of the fic
oh noooooo hope he's doing okay 🥺
ah okay!! i didn't know
oh no i haven't yet!! and yes!!! please! be shameless about your fics, it's so stupid why we shouldn't be. and omg graveyards was my favorite prompt from taegi week! i would've written it too if i wasn't working on my wip
thank you!! i'm just going to read some fics to lift my mood and then go to sleep.
i am actually skipping a class right now lol. ive been really pissed off and agitated being on the screen for the past 12 hours and dealing with dumb classmates for group projects. i'm done for the day
i haven't read the second one!!! thank you!!
oh ive read this one!!! but i will read it again
it sounds so cute!! thank you!! i'll read it
ive read all of them 😂 but i haven't read them in a while so thank you!! i'll reread them!!
yes!!! definitely! thank you so much!
this sounds so cute!! i'm going to read it right now. thank you!!!
oh i haven't read either of those. thank you so much!!
it's okay i'd just reread it :< i had the shittiest day with dumb kids and group projects. i hate group projects with so much passion.
once again begging for some recs :<
lmao
i am the writer :)
taehyung's husband died seven years ago. now a mysterious entity lives in the haunted house over the hill.
thank you!!! i'm dying to write and post it as well but these past few days, all my time is going into college so i barely have time to myself :< i'm slowly working on it though
yes! it's all happy mostly. happy in a dark sense? like you feel satisfied when yoongi kills people lol. but yes it's a happy ending!
it's okay!! i can feel your sincerity through them! i am working on this story, and honestly it would take some months before i finish it. i wish it could be sooner but i recently started college again for my masters so :<
yes! that always feels awful :< i feel like i scream about it on my twitter on a weekly basis, and i hate that authors have to scream at people to do what is the bare minimum etiquette. i usually read past comments on my fics to feel better
thank you!! i'll watch it then :>
oh i was looking for films to watch for research. i have no knowledge of ships or pirates. i'll watch that as well!
research usually takes me as long as it takes me to build the plot outline. months? but yes the fic that required the most research was definitely the zombie fic. because i'm not from a science or history background so i was way in over my head while researching for that.
being straightforward gives you the upper hand. you basically toss the discomfort & uncertainty right back at them.
lovers spat
it's one of my favorite ideas too!!! but i don't know anything about ships and pirates so it'll take some for me to research and write the fic :<
it's from sea 💛💛💛 i really liked it
i love it already!!! i love tae & seokjin bickering
a snippet from my republican marriage au.
you have no idea how much i've been craving a corruption taegi au. i'm so happy to know you're gonna write one… — i really want to write a character development that isn't redemption, but the opposite, but i'm still figuring it…
just ask them right away, works the best for me
taegi always 😌
unusual plotlines are my favorite thing to look for in fics so i like to collect them!! i'm glad you like it :>
yeah well be prepared to cry :>
i finally made myself read siren of the interstate and i'd like to request a temporary departure from this plane of reality
from today onwards, i shall only refer to yoongi as twink pink
you're the only one i can trust to bring me tasteful content on the tl
one day i'm going to make a thread of snippets from fics where tae makes fun of yoongi's height. i'm sure someone somewhere would enjoy it.
i don't think anything will come close to outcast for me
ahh i finally ended it
im so scared... this is totally different from the original and i'm losing my mind
hoseok is freaking me out
wtf even though i'm rereading it, i'm still scared as shit
holy shit hoseok????
the nail lolol. but i'm loving the differences from the original version
i came up with the idea last year in august when i was studying about eugenics for a project, so i've been sitting and refining it for a long time. research would be me watching films on drowning/survival/pirates. and studying sailing & shipping jargon among other stuff
thank you!!! i'm glad you enjoyed it! ✨
thank you so much 🥺🥺
haha thank you love 🥰
hellooo we're already married but yess i'll accept 🥰
omg thank you so much!! 💛 you're so sweet
thank you!!!! 🥺 you're very kind
thank you so much!!! 🥰🥰 you're really sweet
thank you so much!!! you're so sweet 😭
thank you 😊
thank you, love 💛💛💛
thank you 🥰🥰
🥺🥺🥺
thank you 🥺🥺
thank you!! i've been having a shit week so your words mean a lot 🥰🥰🥰
thank youu!! 🥺🥺
thank you 🥺🥺 you're so sweet
thank you!! 🥰🥰
thank you!!
thank you, you're really kind 🥰
thank you 🥺
it's been a while since i took photos ✨✨
thank you so much!!!! 💛💛💛
sorry :< but these thoughts always overwhelm me after concerts. distract yourself with other stuff maybe? you'll feel better in some time. take time off twitter, and i hope you get well soon!!
post concert high wearing off, and the realisation that even without covid, it's unlikely i'll ever be able to see bts
thank you 🥺
ah same. i have to do that too but i'm stuck in class 😔
thank you so much!!!!
returning from my (sort of) hiatus-ness to scream at you to read this hauntingly beautiful fic
it deserves it and more!!!
tae!!! imagine his shoulders in a striped suit and with a cigar, and yoongi as mortica with his pale skin and black hair and smokey eyes.
yoongi wants to wear a black shirt and black jeans and call himself a misanthrope but tae forces him to wear couple outfits with him. he tries to get them to be a nut & bolt but yoongi tells him he'll break up with him. so ultimately they go for the addams family couple? idk lol
you literally never miss 😭😭😭 and your asses are always point lolol
that gentle touch 🥺
no, i'll just watch it when it's over. i'm too pissed to enjoy anything :/
i give up. people reporting links in a pandemic, i hope you guys had fun.
lets fucking gooooo
today was a good day. i am looking forward to tomorrow as well. this is a very rare feeling and i'm going to soak it in for as long as i can.
you can't expect me to see this and not open a google doc and write some married taegi
please :< thank you
no please take your time!! i'd love it regardless of when you post it!
oh nooooooo i want it 🥺🥺🥺 been having a really shitty week. i am excited to read it ✨✨✨
the way i am weak for this trope. i'll try to write more of it in the future :> thank you so much for loving your silence 💛
omgg what is that doing there. i'm flattered though lol
i'll come back later :/
i chose the wrong time to come to become active.
i hope you feel better soon!! ✨
please take a break from twitter for some time. it'll pass, don't worry. you can dm me if you want to talk/vent anytime
honestly i haven't been that active on the tl but i just saw all this about cleansing & purging and policing fics, and i'm just???????? as long as it's tagged appropriately why are you making a fuss
honestly anything else feels wrong. i have a brand now, and it's so stupid but i like it.
tae sulking because yoongi didn't ask him to be his fake fiance to rile up his homophobic family during his cousin's wedding
tie him to your bed
watching my roommate going into the big bad world while im just aspiring to be the stuffing of a blanket wrap today
i didn't sleep the entire night for no goddamn reason
omg bless u child
me
i was having a horrible day but you my friend area an angel
i just deleted everything exo from my pc noone talk to me im raw im moving on
that me
u ain't coming to narnia
yes!! i'm trying to write a small thread fic for it!! i'm so happy you caught it though, like it's making me emotional lol
i'm sorry i really tried to write this prompt but it didn't work out :<
this is the most me fic i'll ever write.
this was not a year. i refuse to believe it. there's been like zero character development in me.
wait wtf the mma 2019 just happened i'm losing my mind.
this will now float in my head until i find the appropriate plot for it
congratulations!!!
i want to do a writing commission for someone in order to commission an artist to draw an artwork for nothing lasts forever, i'll try to do it as soon as college gives me a break :<
this is so cute i cannot take it 😭😭😭😭
oh this sounds so good!!
nooo i love your girlfriends taegi :undefined
thank you! and yes the pain doesn't pass until i fully immerse myself in something else. i don't drink coffee, but i'll look into relieving anxiety, it's got so much worse recently.
thank you!! i've started eating lighter food and it did help a little, i'll look into stretching :< starting college again has been more stressful than i anticipated
does anyone have advice for stomach cramps caused by anxiety? i've been sick all day today. both due to twitter & college. just the online world in general has been upsetting.
i'm going to try and write something small for this au tonight. hopefully something will come out of it
very tempted to stay up all night, ignore assignments and write my married in vegas taegi au
now this is the kind of content i come to twitter for
there is one!
i can understand that feeling. i hope you feel better soon!! and don't feel stressed about being on this platform, or following some sort of code to have to be considered a fan! take a break and take care!! and i hope you have a nice day ✨✨
one day i'll learn to trust you 😔 but i'm kinda curious to see how you'd write horror too
but i'm excited!!!
this sounded like a horror setting and i swear i've never run to ao3 to check the tags so quickly.
okay!!! so i'm officially going to start this today! hopefully it won't take long, but years of programming have taught me never to be hopeful :/
yes i am really excited to make it! just trying to figure out how to collect recs from people to build a big enough database
i am! i'm just figuring out the best tool to collect recs from people to build a database
i'd actually be heartbroken if someone voted no lol
i am honestly just trying to motivate myself to learn by making it sorta fun? i have to make an intelligent bot for my project so i felt this might get me familiar with it first :>
i was learning how to make a twitter bot, and i might make one for practice? would anyone be interested in a bot that sends you a taegi fic rec each time you @ it? i'll have to make a database of recs first so maybe i'll have people contribute to that as well?
i haven't watched that show :undefined coming back home to his fiance who turns out to be said stranger
i have too many ideas honestly 😭 i have them all stored in my head, but i don't have a lot of time to write so it's taking too long. but thank you so much!! i'll slowly get to them all!
omg yes it is!! i'm trying to write a small thread fic for it because i love the prompt but don't have a lot of time on my hands at the moment. and i want to write something :<
best of luck lmao
omygod i'm vibrating for the next episode!!!!!!
i'm so happy fucking finally
this tweet is too loud. stop it 😔
thank you so much!! my dialogue used to be very poor so i'm really proud to hear this. thank you!! and i'll look forward to hearing your thoughts on nothing lasts forever :>
i'm so excited. nothing in this world brings me more joy than run bts
three things you'll always see in my fics:  1. unusual plotline  2. married taegi  3. talking. lots of talking
i am always ready with fic recs 😌
i hope you don't have to need them :< but just in case. they're not all taegi but they're all very cute
now i'm invested in them all 🥺
this was such a sweet & wholesome read!!! i will always love some healthy communication and characters who are good at feelings
i haven't been able to write as much as i want to :< but this is from my marriage pact with the demon au
😂 it's okay, i'll be excited to hear your thoughts even in 2030
best of luck!! ✨
i am not even going there or i won't survive till next tuesday
please if you ever want to write it and need somebody to scream at it about, i am always ready 😭
never be sorry about putting more taegi in my head 😂 i love this prompt though 😭 thank you. it'll get me through this class. i'd love to read it if you ever want to write more of it!
i'm going to spend my entire zoom class just thinking about this. head empty, only delinquent taehyung & class monitor yoongi sneaking out to kiss in the hallways.
oh god no
i need one badly 😔
i'll get excited about it for approximately 40 minutes and then this too will rot away along with the rest of my wips 😔
oh yes!!! i really wanted to write a viking era wedding night smut where yoongi is traded to the vikings for his father's ship to be granted safe passage, and then married off to the jarl's son taehyung who is a service top :>
are you trying to kill me 😶
i found this old list of tropes i wanted to write and i still do. so much. but i barely get time to write anything these days :<
i tend to find most people on this app intimidating until i interact with them often enough, and i think we became mutuals not that long ago? so hopefully it'll change with time :<
hot coffee 🥺
thank you, love 💛 i'm glad you like my stories :>
hi i just recently discovered u and have been looking through ur fics and they all look so cool! however i was wondering… — hey!! the crown au is an older work, and because my writing style has changed a lot since then, and so have my…
yes i too have a habit of skipping right to the additional tags but major character death warnings are right on the top and that is horrible placement because i never look there.
nooo i'm saving it for tonight. it has the mcd tag and i'm already crying a little inside
i was recommended this, and i'll read it tonight. we can read it together and cry
lmao, i'll update you if i do end up writing something
i think i'll abandon everything and just write fic today
same!! i love the romance & survival combination so much
thank you so much!!!!!
great 😔 i'll never finish anything at this point
is there a taegi fic set in the hunger games setting? because i'm really craving one, and i really don't want to add another project to my ever-growing list of wips. please tell me one already exists.
historical slow burn, survival horror, husbands to lovers
thank you!! i'm really glad to hear you like my stories :undefined
i love seeing people fill in the mcd jar!!! i really want to explore it myself but i'm too scared to :<
oh i'm excited to see how you'd write fantasy and action!! they're two of my favourite genres :>
lmao the big o for open endings is very apt. i love that you like writing character death lol. i am too scared to write it, but i like reading it when it's explored really well.
it was intentional :d yellow is my favourite color, and my nickname is mango!
i made some jars for author armys! because it seems like i have a lot of time now
sfdgdhd seriously it's been so stressful. i have taken a break from it but it just looms over my head all the time.
oh no, they know that bit. i am very aggressive and enthusiastic about it. like i dare them to say anything about it just so i can call them homophobic. they don't contest that i should write fics, but the content of those fics remains hidden at all costs lol.
i would actually die lol
god no. in my dream everyone in my house was answering phones and asking who tf is mangomya 😂
i had such a weird dream where ao3 added this weird rule that said that you couldn't leave comments on a fic, instead you had to call up the author and tell them your thoughts on the phone. it was so strange.
ah yes it was a gruesome form of torture where they tied a naked man and woman together and drowned them :/ i have a plot built around it but i haven't got around to writing it properly yet
thank you so much!! ✨✨
maybe not so much horror but a story about parting and saying goodbyes 😞
yoongi does all of that, except when the ghost says, "thank you, yoongi," in a voice that is unmistakably familiar, yoongi twists his neck to the side and looks.  yoongi looks and sees taehyung.
you must wait till you've crossed the town. and when you've guided the lost ghost out of the town, it'll get off the horse and thank you. you must reply that they're welcome, but continue looking forward until morning breaks.
a taegi horror au where it's the 60s and there are stories of a desolate town of ghosts.   if you cross it at night, you would often feel the presence of someone sitting on the horse behind you, but under no circumstances should you ever look back at it.
everyone reading the dead husband & sharing a horse tropes and telling me that they confused it for one makes me actually want to write one.
sharing a horse is supposed to be one of those historical au forever pining fics where taegi get flustered about riding the same horse with their thighs touching and chest and back pressed together and taehyung holding yoongi's waist from behind :>
i absolutely love thriller & action fics, and this was so good. i was hooked from the beginning right up until the end.
this is the best thing i've seen on this app all week
thank you!! :d
these are the tags
also: the fic contains themes of familial murder and revenge and torture.
would any mutual be interested to stick with me during the writing process of my marriage pact with the demon fic? i just finished plotting all of it yesterday, and i wanted to discuss the plot with someone and get some thoughts / validation / encouragement while i write it.
excuse me but i will fight you on this.
guardian is so so good. your entire day goes into reading it and it's the best kind of day
i'm not sure what timeframe is lately, but these are the last few lengthy fics i read that were so so good
you don't have to have written more to fill the jars to the top! fill the jars with how much you like the trope!
yes! there are so many kinds of horror fiction! survival horror, body horror, paranormal horror, psychological horror, splatterpunk! post apocalyptic could come under survival horror? depending on its content
it's not a checklist! it's just what you like to write or want to write, and there are so many more jars i can add. i didn't add a lot of popular genres like fluff / romance /angst bc i wanted the jars to be kind of different than usual? idk, but it's not a checklist of any sort!
the empty horror jar hurts me ._.
lmao same. my taehyung's lived for 14,000 years. i think aged-up characters would be appropriate.
oh im surprised by how many people filled major character death. i think i should give it a try too 😔
i'm sure you are!! as a writer, more than deep insights, i'm looking for encouragement!! like i just want them to tell me their thoughts, what they liked and just generally be excited about the plot because that by itself drives me to write it!
i find betas to be extremely helpful! you get a fresh perspective, and it's easy to find plot-holes. you also get some early validation lol.
your jars are so pretty 🥺
yess fantasy, plot twists and horror. my favourites 😭
the fic is very grim but these two are so soft, i love writing their interactions
yoongi is fighting a trial by combat.
this is just the plot outline but i'm cooing at them already.
i'm going to make a twitter bot whose one job is to retweet this tweet every hour 😌
it's your fault for bringing taegi and cake on my tl!!! it reminds me of the one time every taegist unified to bully me
taehyung ghostwrote this tweet
the way i was about to tweet the same thing. taegists share one braincell
ohhhhhhhhhhhh this looks so good. it'll be my incentive to finish all my readings so i can read it before i sleep.
congratulations!!!! ✨✨✨✨
possibly the best thing to come out of this pandemic. it was just the right amount of funny and horny, and i loved their dynamic so much, they're so cute even though taehyung keeping his professor on mute gave me unnecessary anxiety lmao
the update had me screeching at my phone!!! oh my god i love this story
how do you know just the things i want to read. i was writing the plot for the last chapter but fuck that, i'm going to read this 😌
i really need to subscribe to more authors on ao3. i never get any emails for new fics.
vote for seokjin!!!!
this is so cute and adorable 🥺 and it was most definitely kim seokjin who is not bound by silly things like the laws of physics
taegi au where they were each other's high school crushes, but neither of them confessed, and now fifteen years later, in a dystopian society, they stand on the stage together as the odd screechy woman announces them as the volunteers for the captitol's 7th annual hunger games
he's so cute
work sucks. but taegi always there to save me.
this is all i'm going to be tweeting for the rest of this week
oh my godd
ahhhh thigh bites im losing my mind
lmao. i learnt to do outlining the hard way when i realised midway into my 80k fic that i had this giant plot-hole and had to improvise. after that i've never begun writing until i had the whole outline written and gotten feedback on it.
the story is about demons and revenge and familial murder so yeah :|
thank you!!! once i'm finished with outlining the plot in broad strokes, i'll start writing it!!!
i am too!!! but i'm swarmed by college work, so i can't start writing it properly even though i'm vibrating to start
forehead and hand kisses are my favourite kinds of kisses!!! taehyung is actually a terrifying demon in this fic, but they're both so soft and fond, my heart hurts.
the fic is very morbid, but these two are soft enough to balance the scales 🥺
they're so soft, and i want to start writing the fic already 😭
why do i have so many aus... but no it's the marriage pact with the demon au!!! that's the one that has my sole focus right now
omg i never thought of it like that, but now that i think about it, yeah that does seem to be my style lol
yoongi tries to get him to attend english too, but taehyung tells him not to push his luck. but it turns out even if taehyung attends calculus, his grades don't get better.   yoongi is concerned, but taehyung tells him he should be worrying about himself instead of taehyung.
anyway, taehyung apologises but yoongi is like he doesn't want the tangerines for the apology. if taehyung truly feels sorry, he shouldn't skip his classes. they're both stubborn but taehyung rolls his eyes and promises that he'll attend calculus.
why is this turning into a plot. it was just about taegi making out in a closet. why am i seeing angst and coming of age and friendships and goodbyes
because yoongi actually gets good grades and has a chance to get out of their shitty town and go to college and make something out of himself. taehyung doesn't want to ruin his chances.
taehyung felt bad because yoongi ended up missing class because of him, and even though he's not particularly interested in furthering his educational prospects, he doesn't want yoongi to suffer because of him
i think i have become so predictable that i've sabotaged my own au's
no one knows that it happened because a tangerine fell out of yoongi's pocket when he was running after taehyung to drag him back to attend their calculus class, and taehyung's grandparents grew tangerines, so he brought a crate of them to school to apologize to yoongi
imagine the high school power couple that no one predicted because no one imagined that the uptight class monitor yoongi and the wild child taehyung who wore piercings and skipped class would get together.
they look so good??? they also look like they skipped class made out in the cleaning closet
same 😔
lemme just focus on one fic right now :< and it is my marriage pact fic
stop calling me out like this 😶 it's been like 5 minutes since my mind birthed this au
it's just been fifteen years and in that time they had a catastrophic nuclear war, and rebuilt their the society which is awful. so it's been only seven years since the games were introduced to oppress the districts and display the power the government holds over them.
lmaaoo but honestly my style of writing is grim and dramatic, and i love stories of finding love even in the most tragic of situations. fluff for me feels more impactful when the background story is morbid af. like forehead kisses as their world falls apart just squeeze my heart.
but they have each other :< and seokjin and hoseok who were their mentors
i wouldn't be me if i wasn't officiating their wedding in every alternate universe
nooo they get a happy ending!!! :<
lmao they stage a whole fake proposal scene in the middle of the games because they have no sponsors and everybody loves a tragic love story. so they get a lot of supporters and have to keep it up.
this is so amazing!!!! the giraffe's eyes!!!!!
im so proud my babies
omg omg omgogmogmggnjfv djvd
done :)
what. no shut up. pls tell me whats wrong. or anything, it doesn't matter, tell me whatever it is that's worrying u
are u feeling okay?
okay that's all that came out of my brain. i have no idea where to take it now, but know that it ends with movie dates and piggybacks and yoongi getting piercings, and summer festivals where they share sweet cotton candy kisses under the fairy lights and confess on a carousel
it's harder to admit that he's steering very close to attraction. and that's what makes it much scarier and makes his stomach twist tighter and tighter with each passing day when taehyung lifts an arm in a casual greeting when they see each other in the hallways.
he wants to know more about taehyung's siblings, about his interests, about his piercings, about what movies he likes, and if he likes slam dunk. but most of all, yoongi wants to know what taehyung thinks of him.
they're friends, and yoongi, admittedly, doesn't have many of those. and initially he'd classified the urge to become closer with taehyung as just that—friendship.  but they're friends, and he still wants to talk to taehyung about things other than calculus.
taehyung, against to the impression yoongi had of him initially, is more quiet than he believed he'd be. and it gives yoongi a chance to think about what this constant twisting feeling in his stomach is.
yoongi joins taehyung where he's seated against the rooftop railing. they're both quietly eating, and despite it being the first time they're talking outside of their study sessions, it's not uncomfortable.
"do i have something on my face?" taehyung swallows and asks.  "what?" yoongi blinks out of his thoughts to realise that he has just been staring at taehyung from the doorway.  "you're going to come inside or what?"
a sudden sense of pity washes through him. obviously taehyung heard the rumors about him all the time, and he probably started coming to the rooftop to get away from them himself.
he's surprised when he pushes the door open and sees taehyung twist his neck to look back at yoongi from where he's eating his own lunch on the rooftop.
but he'd be a hypocrite since he'd thought the same about taehyung not too long ago. so he clenches his teeth shut and stands up from his seat in the classroom and climbs up the staircase to the rooftop to eat his lunch in the quiet.
and perhaps that's why he feels his anger flare when he hears people talk about taehyung, whispering about some other rumor of taehyung being part of a motorcycle gang that beat up some kids from a neighbouring school.
but the thought of getting to know taehyung has a strange twisting sensation in his stomach. they're closer to friends than classmates, and he's positive that he knows more about taehyung than anybody else in that school.
it's far from what yoongi had assumed about him—that he spent his time loitering with delinquents, smoking and wasting cash on weed.  it makes him feel so foolish and superficial for judging somebody without ever speaking more than two words with him per day.
but as they study, sometimes at taehyung's place, he realises taehyung has two younger siblings he takes care of along with the farm. he teaches his two siblings in his spare time. he doesn't even get to get to his own homework
yoongi finds out taehyung is actually quick to grasp the concepts once yoongi begins explaining them. he realises his own biases that he'd formed about taehyung, about his attitude.  he'd assumed that taehyung was stupid, that he was thoughtless and insincere.
"i could teach them to you. they're not that hard."  "and why would you do that?"  "it could help me revise some of my own basics."  taehyung is skeptical but they agree to meet at yoongi's house for a study session.
taehyung shrugs and says that he doesn't know most of the course material. it's all foreign to him.   he has to work at his grandparents' farm, and because he missed out on the early lectures, he never got his basics right. the advanced concepts are far beyond his understanding.
the exams are coming, and yoongi asks to look at taehyung's worksheets. he sees that it's not that taehyung gets wrong answers, it's that he doesn't even bother trying to solve the questions.
i had to look up ellie lol, that's how out of touch i am with the series. but i'm so happy to know you're excited about the au. i'm not sure if i'll go with this one in particular, but i will write a fic in the hunger games setting soon :>
this is so cute!!!!
this is the best thing i've heard today
white chalk is my favourite coming of age fic too 😭😭😭 i love it so much. i don't even wanna compare my silly little au with it.
omg yes i can see they have similar sort of vibes with the strangers to friends to lovers and coming of age themes!! my au is also set in the 1990s high school so they're similar that way :> but omg i suddenly want to read white chalk all over again!!!
it's taegi endgame lol. you could add no mcd next time which will be hopefully soon!!!!! i'm excitedd
of course you are the mods, so you can set the rules according to the kind of space you wish to build. if that means no major character death, i would respect it. i haven't written any mcd yet, i'm both curious and scared to try lol.
but i like angst too asdfgh
it scares me
i have no idea 😂 i barely remember the plot even. i'll have to reread or rewatch the whole thing before i even begin to plan it
oh thank you!! :d
a little deviation from my taegi married brand, but i'm glad you liked it :>
but like soft :< they'd never hurt each other. it's them against the world kind of a story
the power couple 😌
i'm sorry 🥺
wait i missed that!!!! i haven't been on the tl a whole lot, but i'm going to go check it out right now!!!!!
i need to see hoseok in a crop top before i depart this world.
this is so adorable!!!! he's just a little bear 🥺
i've read the android au and the time loop one!! i've marked the others too. thank you!!
please send them my way!!! wait i have a couple of them myself
omygod i'm excited!!! your jihope would be so good
oh your jars are so cute!!!!!!
i filled mine on my laptop and spent a ridiculous amount of time doing it. also yes!! the science fiction jar!! they are very rare in the fandom :<
yesss finally!!!!!!
i made some jars for reader armys too!! :d
horror!!! finally!!! somebody who likes it
fantasy & world building!!!!! those are just my kind of fics
seriously!! they're my favorite to both read and write!!
oh lemme quickly make one!!
yes!! the trope subversion yes!! fill that jar! i love to see it 🥰
action sequences too 😭😭 you must be me
the horror, plot twists, trope subversion, dialogue and world-building... are you me? did i ghost tweet that tweet
should i make jars for readers too?
holy shit. i didn't even notice 😂 you're right.
i'm sure i will!! 💛
oh i've seen it so often!! but i haven't found the time to read something long :< i've marked it for later and hopefully i'll get to it soon!
it's been sitting in my marked for later since 2015. i swear i am going to read it today 😭
stop it 😭 i haven't read any of these. i've been planning to read echo for like a century now
you can spell it however you want lol. but yes, i got to grab her before jikook/taekook/yoonmin etc can
my tweets is just making me realise how many fics i haven't read myself 😔
i will read it anyway because i have no sense of self-preservation :/
i haven't read this! thank you, i'll read it!
she's a new friend so i don't know much about her :< i sent the taegi joseon fic and white chalk to be on the safe side since they both have a mix of humor, angst, fluff and smut. and the plots aren't wild like abo. hopefully she'll like them and i'll send her your suggestions
i haven't read that myself. i just know that it's angsty and i've been too scared  to start it :<
omg yes, this is a classic! i sent white chalk & say my name for now because i'm not sure if she'll be into smut. but i'll send this if she asks for more!!
omg i have to read that myself. i just read lenny's for you, everything some time back and it was amazing. i'll read this too!!
i haven't read half of those myself 😭
that's the one i sent!!
that happened to me too!! and since then i've learnt to never begin writing until i have the full outline with me. but yes let's share our pain 😭
oh hellooo
i am always honest to my brand
ohh i've also been thinking about how our fandom has like no steampunk fics, and knowing you, you'd probably be superb at that too
vote for horror 🔪
i would love to see them all, but it's unfair to put horror there :< you know i'll always vote for it
thank you!!!! 💛💛💛
yes that's the intention! but whether i want it or not, writing always ends up being stressful lol.
happy birthday!!! ✨✨✨✨✨ i hope you have a wonderful day today!!
i signed up for nanowrimo, hopefully i'll be able to juggle it with the ten thousand things i'm supposed to do :/
oh yes!!! my marriage pact with the demon au would be perfect for it!! i've never done this before, but i'm really intrigued!
i'm really glad to know you liked it :>
he's so pretty and omygod that dress ✨✨✨✨✨✨
ohmygod
hi!!! i finally read your zombie apocalypse fic just now and i’m so glad i gave it a chance??? i admit i came across… — thank you so much!! i'm glad you gave it a try even though it didn't seem like your kind of a theme. the summary…
i know this wasn't everybody's genre which is why it makes me happy to know that so many people enjoyed it anyway!
thank you all so much!!! if i compare the hits to kudos, 1 in 5 people enjoyed the fic which is amazing!! ✨   this is also the first time i got so many long comments about what people liked in the fic. you can't know what that means to an author 🥺
i added you!! :d
i added you!! :>
lemme know your handle if you decide to join!!
of course! just let me know your handle and i'd add you!!
it's the month of november devoted to writing novels not for quality but for length so you have a draft at least. the goal is to finish 50k in 30 days, but of course do what is feasible for you. lemme know if you want to join!
i know i only post taegi ideas but this fit jinkook's dynamic so much. i just really want a crazy scientist seokjin
the entire fic is just seokjin convinced there's a fault in the code, and a bunny eared android jungkook loving seokjin.
a jinkook mad scientist au because why aren't there any mad scientist fics? where mad scientist seokjin builds a powerful android jungkook to destroy their horrid capitalist world, except jungkook is too full of love to kill anything.
do it!!!
always ao3 lol
each person's goal is to write 50k individually! but that's not feasible for me so i'll just aim for 15k, that's what i meant. you can look at their faq's here :)
it's basically a month (november) dedicated to writing, and the goal is to finish writing 50k. although i personally have a goal of finishing just 15k lol. it's my first time as well, so we can figure it out together! lemme know if you wanna join!
i added you!!
lemme know your handle and i'll add you to the group!
it's my first time as well!! and i'm pretty sure if i could just write 15k in a month, i'd be elated, so don't be intimidated!! we all have other obligations, this is just so you don't feel alone in your struggles lol. at least that's how i see it.
so i made a writing group on   for taegi authors. lemme know if anyone's interested in joining :>
thank you love 💛
omg the title is perfect for the fic!! i haven't heard come back home in so long
"neither of them know theyre in a band of other vampires, they just think their fellow members are really fucking weird"   😂😂😂 i am not going to stop thinking about this scenario for like ever
i am cdyijng
this is so beautiful i love your art so much
ohhhh this looks so good
this is so so good i'm crying omygod
i added you!! and omg another taegi from you, i'm excited!! ✨✨✨✨
i just tried again and it happened!! yayy
the system says there's no user with that name :undefined
aaaaaaaaaah this is embarrassing, i was replying to people under that tweet, and i thought yours was in reply to that. please ignore me. i'm mortified.
thank you!!! it is my personal drive to write something unique in each fic. i have a ton of wips i have to work on, so this isn't one i think i'll take up right now.  i'm also terrified of writing any pairing outside of taegi but that's neither here or there :/
it is one fic, but really my own goal is a realistic 15k lol. do what suits you best! i signed up just so i could make it a practice to write a little bit each day.
oh you don't have to! i just named it because well i had to name it something. you can join either way, if you want to!
thank you for asking!! and yes i'm better now :>
this is the original tweet that i saw:
but it's not as if their entire squad doesn't know how taehyung has yoongi wrapped around his little finger.  "if you actually let me get some work done and come home."  taehyung pumps his fist in the air and does a little 'yay' dance, and yoongi smiles at him fondly.
"go and annoy jimin." he says when he pulls away. "or better yet, get some more practice in controlling your power."  "would i get more kisses in reward?" taehyung hops off his desk and grins at him, all starry-eyed and puppy-like, and really the boy would be the death of him.
"not until we finish the paperwork for all the destruction your dumbass titan caused in the capital." he says, and taehyung pouts at him some more.  yoongi sighs and beckons him closer with a finger. taehyung leans in eagerly, and yoongi presses a chaste kiss to his mouth.
6. "when's our next mission?" taehyung pouts petulantly from where he's been perched on yoongi's desk for the past hour and done absolutely nothing.  yoongi rolls his eyes before he smacks taehyung's chin with a file.
5. "whatever happens, you can't open your eyes. you understand me? you will hear things, terrible things, you'll feel them touching you, but you cannot, at any cost, look at them."  when yoongi doesn't reply, taehyung shakes him frantically. "do you understand?"  "y-yes."
4. "are you scared?" taehyung asks. there is no need to lie for he's yoongi's betrothed and they will have to lay with each other eventually. yoongi nods stiffly, and just like that taehyung takes a step back.  "i won't touch you." he says and yoongi stares at him in incredulity.
3. "i will kill you." yoongi mutters, and taehyung laughs as he pecks his husband's squished cheeks.   "you're so threatening, sweetheart."  yoongi's the one with fangs, but when taehyung has him blindfolded and cuffed like this, it's hard to tell who's the predator between them.
2. "you're the boy from district 2." yoongi says, assessing the face in his hand.  taehyung can't move; stiff where his group had tied him to a tree to be eaten by the rabid wolves that now lie dead at yoongi's feet.  "kill me." he asks, the only thing he can think to request.
1. "an exchange, you say?" taehyung murmurs in consideration as he tips the pretty boy's face up by the chin.  "for safe passage in the waters," yoongi says from where he's knelt on the floor, meeting taehyung's eyes easily like his father didn't just sell him to the vikings.
it really shouldn't surprise me but i just realised how slow of a writer i am :/ and i'm sad
wow!!! i'm proud of you!!! (i've only reached 1.5k myself lol)
this was so soft. it was just what i needed today 🥺 thank you!!
thank you!! and i know :< the creation process sucks no matter what. i'm just feeling overwhelmed by the things i have to do, and i haven't been getting any writing done the past few days.
thank you!! ✨✨
me too!! i really want to see bts in an attack on titan setting. there is this really nice fanart though
the fifth prompt is my favourite too!!! but i just have this one scene in my head. i'll try to make a plot around it. i really want to try writing some paranormal horror and creatures in the dark kind of au
yes survival au's are so good and thrilling!! they are really good explorations of human emotion, and i love hunger games so much!! i'll probably end up writing it soon
the fifth one is my favourite too!!! i love supernatural horror au's!! and hunger games ahh i want to read taegi in the hunger games setting but i don't want to be the one writing it lol
be honest 😂 i know yours is either the hunger games au or the "i won't touch you" one. or maybe the vikings one hmm. i know you like historical aus.
i'm curious, which of these prompts do you like best?
that one's my favourite too!!
lmaao
apply for bighit jobs. i will refer you
such a lovable tangerine boy
of course it's subjective, just the way humor is. you can write your brand of horror. it depends on the medium too. i don't really like scary films, but i really enjoy reading fiction. for me i like horror that is paranoia about the unknown, with mystery elements.
this is so good!!! thank you for sharing it with us 🥺
bye i'm going to read the fic all over again 🥰
you need to turn up your horror sensor with me 😂 i love the genre
💛💛💛
today's snippet is from my marriage pact with the demon au which is my nano project. i'm aiming to post the first chapter sometime this month :>
lmaoo. i would read that too ngl. i love the hunger games setting, or just survival aus in general. but the 5th isn't biblical, it's more of paranormal horror or a creatures in the night au?
if it makes you feel any better, i've stepped on a cockroach barefoot so
thank you so much 🥺 i have all these ideas for stories but i'm awfully slow at writing actual fics for them. hopefully i'll be able to get out the first chapter of my marriage pact au this month. i just started my masters and everything's been really overwhelming :<
thank you!!! 💛💛💛
ahhh noo none of these are it. i'm trying to keep that one's plot under wraps. but hopefully i'll be able to post the first chapter sometime this month.
i knew i could trust you!!! it's my favourite one as well!!
he didn't need to drag me along with the antis though 😭
i'm crying 😂😂 i needed this
we're all proud of you, you've come so so so far, you deserve this, you deserve this and so much more
i wanna go baepsae on them
just finished reading this fic with rebel faction leader taehyung & his smart doctor boyfriend yoongi and!!!!!!!!!! it's so good!!!!!!!!!!
i completely forgot i was supposed to write that excerpt of taegi talking again post-recovery in my zombie au ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
hey my sweet tangerine boy, please get a lot of rest. i'm really happy the surgery went well :>
train to busan 😔
wait what tell me!!!!!!
omygod. i was so shocked to learn about that, and my first thought was about chickens pecking at my own vagina and then i wanted to die. i tweeted about it and then deleted when my senses returned to me
asdffsh don't expose me 😂
lmao yes. it is yoongi in the fic i'm working on.
i love the trope of a character who is seen weak but is actually very powerful, just hesitant to use their power in fear of hurting people. but then they're continuously stepped on and pushed to the brink, and they finally lose it and kill everybody in satisfyingly gruesome ways.
unfortunately (or fortunately?) there aren't any plot twists as such in this fic :undefined
a taegi buzzfeed unsolved au was exactly what i needed in this life 😭😭 and this was so cute and funny and lovable.
that was my reaction as well
why can't you answer? because it's true. and of course i don't follow writers like you. — please go out & get some fresh air. don't bother sending me anything here because i won't tolerate or indulge you any longer.
10 & 26 🥺
the other theories are a conspiracy to distract us from the thought of a taegi subunit
it's just plain old entitlement, and the fact they haven't ever created original work or known the debilitating process behind it.
fortunately i don't receive a lot of hate either. the one i just got was so stupid, i'm going to disable my account until my next fic since that's when it's mostly active anyway.
i think i'll just disable it until i post my next fic
does anyone even get positive messages on cc, or is it just a platform for spineless hate?
are most fanfic authors naturally narcissistic? the constant need for praises even when the works are meh but — just unfollow if you're that upset about it.
thank you!!! and of course, it's not a taegi fic until taehyung teases yoongi about his height 😂
i've been thinking of a dystopian medical horror au where yoongi resurrects his husband from the dead and builds him a humanoid body. don't know if anything will come out of it, but this prompt seemed to suit it :>
"i don't need help!" taehyung screams, voice breaking, "and i don't fucking need you!"  he shakily stands back up on his metallic junk of limbs, and yoongi wants to reach out and hold his husband, but he firmly holds down his fists and cries as taehyung hobbles out of the room.
i like my plot! i always try to write something unusual or unique ✨
it definitely did!! i got an idea for a dystopian medical horror au. i even tweeted it earlier, but i got insecure, so i deleted the tweet after some time. i don't know when i'd be able to work on it, but it's in my notes now!!
but seriously, it's a really really interesting read for those of you interested. it's not that long either, only 10k. half the length of my zombie au
i read roald dahl's william & mary a few days back for schoolwork, and the teachers asked me for my reflection on it. how do i tell them my only thoughts were on how to make a taegi au out of it
i am terrified of it so i never do
lmao it is pretty rebellious. rejecting cishet normative literature and media by consuming content from lgbt+ dominated spaces like ao3
taehyung sir please... be kind
hello? yes hi, i’m breathless, it sounds so fucking cool… — helloo thank you so much!! i'm glad you like the prompt. i read roald dahl's william & mary some days back and it…
thank you so much!!!! 💛💛💛 you're very kind
i'm sorry :-: i'm working (very slowly) on an excerpt of them talking in the future, so maybe that will cheer you up!!
thinking of the undead biology professor taehyung & his badass anthropology professor husband yoongi
this is so cute, my heart can't take it 😭
i have been on a roll with sci-fi fics and this one has to be the best thing i've read. i spent two days just soaking in the 90k of vivid brilliance that is this story. it felt like an entire anime arc and i feel empty now :<
your loveless marriage fic is one of the best fic i've ever read 😭 i love it so much, and i read it multiple times… — thank you so much for reading it!! i'm so happy to hear you liked it enough to reread it several times. and thank…
omygod that sounds so good!!! please let me know if you ever decide to write it!!
thank you!! i'm not really bothered by it. i just can't fathom why they can't just block and move on.
i hope your father gains back his health quickly. he'll be in my thoughts. and if you ever need to talk to someone, my dms are open! please remember to take care of yourself too 🥺
oh it's so pretty!! thank you so much for creating this!! now i can only think about taegi kissing behind those umbrellas 🥺
i like to keep a way for people to contact me in case they're shy to do it in dms, and i don't usually get a lot of hate, but i'm starting to see that cc holds more incentive for hate than positivity :/
i haven't yet breached the mcd territory, i'm terrified to :< you're a brave bean
ohhhh 👀👀👀
thank you for writing it!! ✨✨✨
oh my god oh my god !!! it's okay if you don't get to write it, i think i can live with these few words, for a lo… — oh that's a really interesting aspect i didn't consider before. i think that taehyung has all of his memories and…
😂😂😂 we both had decided to do it. but she's the hot dancer and i tried it and tore muscles in places i didn't even know i had muscles
because i am 🥰 i'm wooing her. you would too if you saw her doing the wap challenge
i hope this is me and you don't have other suitors sending you their unreleased fics
omygoddd i am so excited!!!!!
happy birthday love 💛💛💛💛💛 i hope you have a wonderful day and year ahead ✨✨✨✨
your worldbuilding is so vivid, the yoonmin court politics fic is one of my favorites!! can i also sneak in my love for your characterizations!! esp seokjin in both the yoonmin court politics au & the namjin abo verse. and your humor! i'm gushing but i'm in love with your writing
10 or 17 whichever one you like ✨✨
i know you’re a great writer, as a fact and not as a weapon to put “pressure” on you, i’m just being honest and i… — thank you!! i know i post a lot of prompts on twitter, but i don't get any time to actually write fics. i really …
it's married taegi in space, i can't think of anything i'd enjoy more 😌
i was curious to see which one was next on mine and look 😂
i can finally work on my nano project & taegi fic bot ✨✨✨
i miss her
half an hour before the episode, i finally finished all my submissions :d
i literally schedule my life around run bts.
you always make me smile on the worst of days, i love your stuff and this is adorable, my cheeks hurt
the squeal i let out when i read hoseok's lol. they're all so cute and perfect
i will record it very soon 😂 let's see if any of my flexibility yoga helped
don't encourage me 😂
yeah no it isn't private accounts. i checked that. it seems to be restricted/suspended accounts like you said
yes twitter is a sentient being, i like this explanation. it makes the most sense
no i thought too at first, and i checked couple of times, but it's literally nobody :/
that would make so much sense. thank you. it just happens too often that i was puzzled.
ohh that makes sense. but it happens so often? the count just keeps fluctuating, dipping and then increasing with no one following me
lmaaao this is both cute and heartbreaking
oh i'm glad my comment could inspire and motivate you!!! your fic deserves so much more love, you can bet i'll be bullying everybody to read it. thank you so much for writing it 💛
i'll be inactive for some time because twitter hasn't been doing me good for the past week. i'll focus on my writing instead and stay off this platform. see ya soon!
i cannot take this cuteness 😭😭😭
oh my god
ahhhhhh understandable. i stayed up till 5 too 😭 it took me the entire weekend to read it, but it was definitely worth it!!! i'm so glad to know you're liking it. that fic seriously deserves so much more appreciation!!
drop the link please 🥺
i hope your father is doing okay! and yes if you want more recs, just @ or dm me :>
:< dm me, i'll give you recs and we can talk!
it's so so so good, and it'll be worth it (i'm kidding. please get some sleep) but yes, it'll definitely make you feel things
here you go
omg
stop it. it only ever ends in pain 😭
please don't cry :< but thank you!! endings are the hardest for me to write because you have to have this culminating one liner that caps their entire journey and i am almost never satisfied with mine :/
it's not that sad...i think? or hope lol
it's 5am and i'm going to sleep praying there aren't any embarrassing errors because my head hurts from all the crying and proofreading is for the weak hearted.
i'm sorry :undefined but thank you so much!!! ✨✨✨
thank you so much!!! 💛💛💛💛 i'm glad you liked it!!
i cried for the past two hours while writing the epilogue, so please be kind if my ending is kinda sdfgsjbj. i suck at endings
/ end
part v
part iv
part iii
part ii
nothing lasts forever — epilogue  taehyung and yoongi talk again post-recovery / part i
i didn't think i'd be coming back so soon but i finally finished the epilogue for my zombie au, so i'll just hop back in and post that and hop back out
i'm sorry :undefined but i hope you were able to enjoy it
thank you so much 🥺
i sat on that ending for an hour 😭 because i wasn't sure if it was good enough, so i'm really happy to hear you liked(?) it!!
thank you!!!! ✨✨✨ i don't like writing open endings either so i wanted to write them an epilogue. i'm really glad you liked it!
i'm really happy you liked it!! 💛
i hope you enjoyed it!! ☺️
i hope you enjoyed it!! :>
thank you!!! the ending was very difficult to write, and i wasn't too satisfied with it so i'm glad to hear you liked it!
"happy birthday motherfucker come hit me hard at 11 o clock"
i was debating between sasuke undefined
here you go
taegi gothic academia au where taehyung & yoongi are both enrolled in the state's military academy to become state alchemists.
have i become a taegi horror bot
i need some quiet gothic horror au to go with this immediately
they do!! they get married again too!!
i was worried about that line. i'm so glad you liked(?) it!!! i'm sorry :<
i fully intended to write them a soft, happy ending, but apparently i'm incapable of writing happy things 😔
he's so adorable help
omygod i missed this???? i'm never going inactive ever again
thank you!!!!
thank you so much!!! ✨✨✨
wait what how have i never seen this??
i'm glad to know you like it!!!
that anime is very special to me :<
my favourite tweet of the day
don't ask me what's going on i have no idea 😂
lmao it was a mistranslation of yoongi's birthday tweet for tae. he was apologising for falling asleep at 11pm the previous night. this is the tweet
i'm really deep in my taegi feels today
not to make you all cry but taegi in my zombie au get married again and both their wedding vows end with "forever is the way i feel for you."
i want to keep the whole ~married couple~ feel to it so i'll have to go through a whole lot of them. let's see how far i can go :>
me too 😔 this scene will float in my head until i find a plot for it
i am considering it 😂
do not ask me what is going on. i saw it for the first time today and i have no idea
omg your mind. this reminds me of a fic. i don't know if you've read it but it's lovely
exhibit g
exhibit f
exhibit e
exhibit d
exhibit c
exhibit b
some of my favourite taegi married photos:  exhibit a
i don't know 😭 i became an army during dope era too. but i joined stan twitter very late :<
1. kisses on palms, reverent for   where yoongi is offered to the god of the skies to bring rain to their village
oh 😳
i already have an idea ahhhh thank you!!
ahhh i changed my mind, please imagine "woken from the dead" is now "inside a coffin"
oh that's an interesting combination. thank you!
yes!! that's right, thank you! it'll take me some time, so please be a little patient :<
i can't work on my nano, so i made some kissing prompts! reply with a prompt from any two categories, and i'll try to write you a short taegi fic!
this one!
this is so cutee ✨✨✨
mercenary husbands taegi omg!!! ✨✨✨ thank you   for indulging me
ohhhh this is so good!! i can imagine them bickering about it later 😭 thank you for writing this!!!
they love each other :undefined
taegi, mercenary husbands :d
you should know not to expect anything happy from me 😭 i'm the opposite of you. i know no fluff
to wreck you some more, originally i was going to have tae call yoongi "little dove" but i scraped it out :|
you can do it too :>
this was so sweet. married taegi having steamy sex in space. what more can i ask for.
my kind of prompt 😌 thank you!!
okayy!!
i've got quite a few prompts through this, and i'm slowly working on them. does anyone want to send more? i'll cap it in some time.
you'll find that i'll never complain about receiving links to 30k fics 😂
my mom belongs to the same species so i feel you :< i hope you get your kindle back very soon.
omg i was anticipating what you'd write for vore and i love this!!!!
i'm glad you like it ☺️ i want to write more of this au & my brain won't let me rest until i do
i do too 😔 but no it's okay!! whenever you find the time!!
free reign!!! any of them can be pressed against the wall too!
omg this is the subversive energy i love. but um for me, a kiss on the spine against the wall? like yoongi's front is pressed against the wall and tae is behind him 😳
you're making me blush 😳
no no you have free reign over everything else!!
so i'm closing this now!! if other authors wish to use these prompts, please go ahead! and if anyone wants to write me any of them, i'll never say no :d
yes i am!! and omg thank you! you're so sweet. i think i'll pick from the few no one has yet: under the stars, out of necessity! 🥰
it's okay you aren't late!
oh my god this is perfect.
you can do it!!! ✨✨✨
the plot was so unique too. i haven't watched star trek but i was able to follow along easily, it was just aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa really good
i read this the entire night and morning and ruined whatever respectable sleeping cycle i had. it was so so good, and married taegi doing undercover missions in space!!! i had to fan my face several times.
someone left the sweetest four comments on my zombie fic. i've read them each ten times already. thank you so much 😭
oh this is so pretty 😭😭
lmao i'm reading it right now. it's really good.
i found two fics of married taegi in space. is this a dream
omygod. the fic didn't say that taegi were married. i love it when fics just toss the fact at me with no warning and i get crushed under the weight
i come up with these names but at the same time i cringe so hard at them lol. i swear half my hate for ysimfs is because of that name lol
i'm dyinhgxzfhj
the writing gods always hate us. i thought all of us established that already
thank you!!! i'm glad you like it!! i'm basically writing mini fics with these prompts because i get so caught up in plot instead of the actual kiss :/
thank you so much!!!! i do want to write it!! they've got such an interesting dynamic that i really want to explore, but i'm buried under all my wips so i'm not sure when i'll be able to get to this :< but thank you for expressing your enthusiasm, it motivates me to write it!!!
it's just yoongi pushing taehyung to the brink in an attempt to prove that taehyung is a monster just like the rest of them. and tae being resilient in the face of all of yoongi's anger.  i'll try to write more of it maybe :<
yes and now they won't let me rest until i write a full universe for each one of them 😩
i hope you like it 🥰
it's completely up to you!! i would love a seokjin too! you don't have to write something else for me
i regret everything that led up to this point 😔
part iii
part ii
2. kiss out of anger, forced for   where taehyung is a vampire & yoongi is his pet human. part i
lmao my goal here was under 500 words but i should've known that was wishful thinking :|
i always have to explain the characters' motivations and in an attempt to do that, i end up with 2k long backstories 😭
i'm trying to write my kissing prompts, but this is the fourth one that's becoming a fic of its own. why? why can i not write something without adding a whole bloody messy plot to it. why can i not write simple kissing scenes
all the kissing prompts i've written so far are built on themes i would never normally write in fics, and it is so weird.
3. kiss on the inner thigh, forbidden for   where yoongi leaves his window open & a thing of the dark slips into his room.
a summer romance, i love it so much 🥺
don't remind me!! 😩 i have promised too many things
it was for a kissing prompt but i like their dynamic so i'll try to write them something more later :<
not at the moment. it was intended as a small snippet for a kissing prompt thing i did. i'm not sure if i'll write more of it :<
he just needs some love :<
that's more than what i've written in total for my nano project lol
have a safe flight love!! 💛 take care!!
thank you!!! i'm glad you like it!! pet aus aren't something i've ever liked, but i really like their dynamic here
i love this!!!!!
all the quotes on this tweet. i love jinmin
this is gorgeous!!! ✨✨✨
unfortunately this is all it is :< it's not a fic. i just wrote a snippet for a prompt that was given to me by @/peonytaegi
i love this so much
thank you!!!! i'm glad you like it ✨✨✨ i'm not sure if this is what you had in mind when you said forbidden, but i wanted to write something different than rivals or mythology
hey, it's okay!! i'll add it to the list, but it'll take me some time, so please be a little patient :< i'm doing one per day for now
thank you 😭 i do love dark & horror themes, but not with smut. i like my smut sweet and respectful, so this was kinda in the gray at first, but then i just decided to subvert it towards the end lol. i like tender reverent tae a lot
thank you!! 🥰 i'm glad you like it! it's not a theme i've delved into before, so i was not confident about it at first but i'm glad how it turned out
part ii
4. kiss on the sternum, in the rain for   where taehyung is the grim reaper & yoongi is his mail-order husband. set in the 60s. part i  tw: murder
look you got one in the replies 😂
can college go away and let me write my kissing prompts in peace
run episode today 😭 i want to cry out of happiness. today is awful.
i don't write pet aus either but for some reason this happened. and i did want to subvert how pet aus are generally written, so i am glad it was enjoyable :>
he can be an alpha who likes getting taken cared of 🥺 sorry i don't know the context but i advocate for trope subversion at every given opportunity
this tweet is too loud 😂
it is well...going as good as it can go in a pandemic. but thank you, i hope you too figure things out soon!!
same 😩 i started my masters not long ago because i didn't want to work in the industry just yet. but also money...
why is this me. i don't want a job. i just want to stay in school :<
hobi!
thank you!!! this is my favourite dynamic of them, i love an aggressive and violent yoongi with taehyung as this tender and loving presence beside him. i'm glad you like the endearments lol, i keep a tab of the ones i've used and those i have yet to use.
i didn't plan much of yoongi's past and reasons, but about taehyung. he's a grim reaper so he can smell the stench of death on people and he knew it the moment he saw yoongi. since he's not exactly human, his moral compass is a lot different from most.
thank you!! 🥺
dare i say it again, taegi married
my knees hurt just looking at it lol
i didn't really have anything in mind for the cause. didn't plan that ahead. but i'm sorry, i hope you're feeling alright now :< i'm really sorry my writing induced bad memories for you. i can delete it if you prefer that.
thank you!! i'll add it to my list and see if something strikes me for it! but i'm not sure if i'll even be able to write all the ones i have :<
i'm sorry :undefined
pretty 🥺🥺🥺
i had a week long break that ended today 😭 so i have no idea if i'll be able to write anymore
with the amount of effort i'm putting into the plot of these prompts, it feels like i'm writing one fic per day.
exhibit r
can i redo the whole thread ahhhhhhh i hate this
i found better photos to add to my thread but now i can't insert them in the middle 😭
exhibit q
exhibit p
exhibit o (  said they look like the couple that won the hunger games & i can't get it out of my head)
exhibit n
omg thank you!!!! i am trying to fill the whole alphabet lol. you're godsend
exhibit m
exhibit l
exhibit k
exhibit j
exhibit i
exhibit h
happy birthday my beautiful boy
aaaaaanndd there we go again 57th time now
i live for this 😂
i'm so excited to read it!!!! thank you so much!!!
oh my god
thank you!! you don't need to pay me 😂 i'd love to write them but i hardly get any time to write full fledged fics which is why i've been writing these smaller snippets
🥰🥰🥰
namjoon!!
the nine circles of hell sounds so good ohmygod
i've been building this for some time lol
found these later so i couldn't add them :< but they're so pretty
exhibit v
exhibit u
exhibit t
exhibit s
what a mood. i see my bullies thriving and it makes me feel awful.
noo i'm really grateful. thank you so much for indulging me!! i'm waiting for the day to end so i can curl up in my bed and enjoy it :>
i apologize i wouldn't be able to write all the kissing prompts i received. i'll write the ones i get inspiration for :<
and you're absolutely correct!
this is so adorable ohmygod 💛💛💛💛
bonus
there are so many photos i had to drop as well :<
in conclusion: taegi married.   call us starved again, and i'll smack you hard.
exhibit z: nation's power couple
exhibit y
exhibit x
exhibit w
thank you!!!! you're very kind. it's just unavoidable though :/ no matter how much i work hard on a fic, i'll eventually end up hating it and feel that obsessive urge to "clean" my ao3.
i'm sorry i tend to hate everything few months after i've written it :< i wish i could orphan it without losing all control over it, but because that's not an option, i'm letting people download it before i lock it
thank you so much 🥺 i wish quantum physics allowed me to both keep it for your sake and delete for mine, but aaaa i don't like the thought of my writing in that fic so :<
so i've reached the phase where i've begun to dislike make it right as well (my fic, not the song) and i'll most likely make it private tomorrow morning when i wake up.   if anyone wants to download it, you can do that. but please keep it with yourselves & do not share it.
i'm baepsae. angry and excited.
...thank you for this information that i did not need but will definitely keep in mind 😂
i cannot even describe how well written this was!!! i can never write married taegi again now that i've read this brilliant piece of writing.
thank you for reading!!! i'm glad you like it 🥰
dear  's brain, it is not. yoongi is the perfect height for tae to peck his nose, his cheeks, his forehead, and his temples. and you'll just have to learn to live with it.
thank you!!! i'm still writing yours and a couple others i get inspiration for, but not all.
yes. i'm thinking of just reading tonight. i feel guilty for not working on it, it makes me feel unproductive but aahh whatever
thank you!! ☺️
good to know we have one collective personality trait, and it literally never changes
i come back to see taegists being emo on the tl
have to put a pause on these emotions because of college, but i'll be back to fully drown myself in their music 😌
stay?????????? i'm going to be saying this after each song, but wowowwww
i love telepathy?????????? it's so fun & funky
i tend to hate everything i've written a few months after i've written i don't know why :< and the hate for this one had been building for some time.
hey, you just visit the link & there's a "download" button at the top right. i don't download fics but i suppose that's how it's done
i know it isn't healthy, but i attach too much value and self esteem to my fics, and i don't like proof of my bad writing from the past to be there so i go through this cleansing process a lot :/  you sound a lot more emotionally mature in comparison lol, i aspire to be like that
what even???? we must be living different realities. but seriously are we just going to go back undefined i'm anticipating all the communication
ohhh i hadn't considered that. that does seem neat. but i'm kinda conflicted, like i hate my writing so i don't want anybody to read it, but there are so little fics in the fandom with trans characters so i also want it to exist. aaaa idk i'll decide in the morning
i have an unrevealed collection where i add all the works i hate lol. i would orphan it but that means losing all control over the fic, and deleting means losing all comments, so this seems like the only not awful option.
please don't even compare my work with yours. yours was like ~realism~ something i can't even dream of reaching. i'm like vibrating thinking about the kiss
this is so cute!!!! 😭😭😭
yes i got past the issue that was plaguing me for the past month!!! hopefully nothing else will go wrong and it'll be ready for release!
how do you do it i am genuinely amazed
holy shit that sounds amazing!!! thank you 🥺 i'll read it and add it to the thread
this ate away most of my brain so now my brain is tiny :<
thank you!!! it works on my local server! i just have to finish the final step where i deploy it onto a giant corporate server, but there's going to be lots of issues there too. i just hope it all works out soon :<
it basically recommends fics to you according to your preferences each time you @ it
it's been in works for months now, but i had to put it off bc of college. i finally picked it up and fixed it after hours of debugging. i just have to deploy it now!! i'll try to do that tomorrow and run a few tests for a few days before releasing it for everybody to use!!
i slaved away at the taegi fic bot for the past two days, and it's very close to being finished. please don't let it flop, i will cry actual tears.
yes i support this decision
i hope you enjoyed it!!!! 🥰
oh i've read this!!! it's seriously so good! i haven't watched the show because i can only read gore lol, i cannot watch it.
i am here for everything you write
hello????! life threatening situations???????? i am absolutely here for it
i didn't think about this until now, why did you have to do this to me 😭😭😭
my heart hurts
oh definitely!!
there was a bts x olympus au fest and i didn't know???? i'm going to cry myself to sleep tonight
all of your ideas are always unique!!! i am in love with this round's theme, i literally cannot choose one prompt even though i had so much time lol
that's the one that caught my eye too!! i'm making a list, and i'll brainstorm for all the prompts and see which one is the most interesting!
i know that day 5 is my day, but there are so many interesting prompts!! and i have multiple ideas in mind for all the days!!! i have no idea where to start
python is really good! i used javascript. both javascript & python are popular choices and have a lot of libraries and frameworks to work with. python is especially good to work with data science, and javascript is usually learnt to work with web.
it is really interesting!! you should definitely give it a try!
thank you!! and best of luck! it may seem intimidating but it's really not once you start understanding it!!
lmao everyone's been telling me
you know what's more interesting? day 1 is yours 🙂 coworkers taegi & kitsune intern tae
yes!!!! omg finally
hopefully sometime this month!! but because i'm doing something like this for the first time myself, there could be issues that i haven't anticipated :<
you can do it!!!! ✨✨✨
this gained more attention than i expected, but please thank   and   who helped build the database of taegi fics for the bot to recommend fics from
lmaao
i had to drop it bc of college for some time and bc i couldn't get past one error and it plagued me for a month, but i finally fixed it day before so hopefully it'll be up soon!! ✨✨✨
thank you!!!! 🥺
i want to say yes just so i can read your fics before anybody else can 😂   but my grammar isn't the best :undefined
thank you so much!!! i'm going to get it too
i'm thinking of a dystopian world where there's alchemy and steam-powered machinery and taegi are married, but something happens and one of them dies and has to be resurrected by the other by alchemy. i'll squeeze in hunger games too somewhere lol it's still a half baked idea.
thank you!! and i swear i want to tell you that i can relate to this so much. in hindi, we use genders even for objects, like a butterfly is feminine and a hammer is masculine. i had to drop the language altogether to be able to speak freely.
that is true in hindi too!! we add a different suffix to jobs to specify that the job is held by a woman. i would love to talk more about it with you once i work on it some more and figure out just what i want to do with the topic! but thank you for this insight 💛
i threw a fuss and complained to the dean, so now i have a different professor mentoring me :> but thank you! i'm just starting the project, but i'll update you once i work on it some more!
oh that would really helpful!!! i would love to know about a language that is genuinely gender neutral! i'll wait until i have more clarity about what i wish to do with this topic and dm you!!
i get that!! honestly even if i was free, i still won't be able to write lol. the writing gods just hate us
that is basically the crux of the project lol. i hate cis men. i actually fought with my professor regarding this project today. my cis male professor was telling me, a non-binary individual, that hindi is gender neutral.
i can't believe i actually shared my project here. i will wait for the embarrassment to tip over until i delete the tweet.
me too. now if only somebody would finish all my college submissions so i can write fics all day every day till taegi week 😂
i've been obsessed with alchemy, hunger games, dark academia, steampunk and resurrection so my taegi week fic will be a some permutation combination of those tropes.
what interface are you using?? it looks so organised 😳
i love all of them!! but criminal thriller au 🥰🥰🥰🥰
do you go to a buffet and see a dish you don't like and complain for it to be removed? there are multiple other prompts for you to read/write/draw about, skip day 6 and choose those! the event is meant to be for everybody.
okay what the actual fuck
i feel the opposite! i actually love this year's prompts for how open and expansive they are!! they allow for a vast diversity of stories!
thank you!! and yes! taegi week invites all kinds of content! you can get into contact with the mods if you want more details. but don't let anything stop you from writing if you want to!
from my experience, they/them isn't just for non-binary folks. it's common etiquette to use gender neutral pronouns for somebody whose gender you don't know. so i don't think it'll be bad if you do use they/them, but it's always safer to just be upfront and ask instead of offend.
i think you're making some very important points.
today's run waaaaaa
omygod i completely forgot about run. i'm having a godawful day as usual. couldn't have asked for anything better.
nobody cares, but tonight's updates included making special cases for polyamorous ships and allowing users to search for poly ships with certain keywords.
i just want to finish all the testing and release the bot for everybody to use 😭
your dad is awesome!!!!
lucky me indeed...
why is this the first tweet i saw today
anyway mots7 album of the year
wow fuck them
is it too early for this lol 😂
thank you!! you're very kind! 🥺
my nano project lol, don't ask me about that. i gave up on finishing that in this month. i replaced it with a coding project instead, and thankfully the twitter bot i'm building instead will be finished today :>
ahhh i can't wait to read it!! this is so impressive ✨✨
it is javascript 🥰
for some reason i imagined hobi as the green shirt guy the entire time. please i need some cute jihope 🥺
thank you! ✨✨✨
i've always wanted a taegi stoplight party au and this is just everything 😭
thank you 🥰
i'm not some software engineer or anything like that. coding was mostly my hobby since 7th grade? but now i'm a new media artist/designer/ something, so i do it often enough :>
thank you aaaaaaaaa i'm so happy to hear that 💛💛💛💛
the bot is almost ready. we discovered one bug that i'll fix tomorrow, so hopefully it'll be released sometime this weekend 🥺
i built the infrastructure to allow people to search for poly fics last night. i'm just waiting to test it. if that's successful, we can do one last round of testing and maybe release it? i think??
i'm wasting away muted in my lecture, you're a life saver too lol
you've probably read them but they definitely deserve a reread :>
i don't know what'll happen if someone asks for a rec during this time. the solution would be to use mongodb but fuck knows how to use that. if anyone reading this knows how to work with mongodb please dm me and save my life.
then there's a problem with heroku, the server where the bot lives. heroku uses an ephemeral file system which means the database gets wiped clean every 24 hours for "maintenance" so the bot rebuilds it each day which takes about an hour.
i have a couple more things to add like i want to try out a daily/hourly fic rec feature. i'm not too sure if it'll be feasible.
i saw this right before my final submission &lol thank u all my stress is gone bless
i personally like them all! creatures of the night is a trope i've never written before so i'm excited to explore it fully. and grim reaper tae, i am imagining it to be a long slow burn hurt/comfort kinda fic? i love them all but i wanted to get others' opinion, so thank you!
we definitely don't have enough of grim reapers in the fandom!! thank you! i'm really happy you liked that one!
i'm so excited!!!!
it was my first time writing that genre too! and it was really fun. thank you!! i'm glad that short scene was able to grab your interest! 💛
i will work on more of the kissing prompts once i get a break from college :<
grim reaper taehyung:  tw: implied murder, implied domestic abuse
creatures of the night:
vampire / pet au:
offering to the rain god:
i posted a few kissing prompts some time back & this is again a pointless poll because i won't be writing any of them any time soon. but please indulge me and tell me which one of them would you like to read more of?
lmaooo i just saw the increase in votes 😂
that's the spirit 👏
vote for namjin 🔪🔪🔪
i'll have to bully the tl i guess 😪
lmao somebody said it before me 😂
fixed it 😌 namjin is winning
it's not taegikook, but have you read this?
wow that was a failure. i'll review the code and make the bot private for now. whoever saw that, please be a little patient :<
ah wow fuck
finally
lmao this made me laugh out loud. thank you
evidence
it is himm 😭😭😭 i need to reread that fic again
my grim reaper taehyung au, hellooo :)
having thoughts
holy hell yess
seokjin with an assault rifle. yoongi with a shotgun. jungkook with an improvised garrote. jimin with an axe. hoseok with sickle like knives. namjoon with a blunt weapon. and tae with explosives or a flamethrower or something.
yes that is a brilliant idea indeed.
aaaaaaaaaahhhhhh thank you so much! these hugs always make me emotional
i love them all! i just wish my brain came up with lesser ideas lol, because i don't get the time to write them all :< but i definitely like each one of these, and hopefully i'll be able to write them all in some distant future
i love your taegi handmaiden au so much! i've gone back and read the drabble you posted several times already… — honestly i just came up with it on a whim last night. i don't have a detailed plot in mind, but for taehyung, i b…
i am so excitedd
thank you, love!!! 💛
ahhhhh thank you!! i have no idea how this was born. i just wanted to write taegi on a horse lol but thank you!!!
i'm sorryyy 😭
of course i mistyped the hashtags
the movie is very different from what i wrote. there's no horse riding and arrows. but you should definitely watch it!!! it's really really good
did you ever watch handmaiden after me and annie watched it???
and no tae doesn't die! yoongi nurses him back to health and everything after they escape taehyung's former group.
the prompt said murder-y. please don't come after me. even i don't know why it went where it went.  here's the original prompt:
part ii
i have no idea why i wrote this, but here it is anyway: my handmaiden inspired taegi au (part i)
i finally found the error :) i'll fix it tonight and we'll test it some more before making the bot public again. hopefully soon.
thank you for working on the bot and i hope you don’t feel discouraged because technology is just a bitch and you… — thank you!!! you are really sweet. it's my first time working on something like this, so i panicked when the bot …
i'm going to go take a break. i can't think straight
my hands are literally shaking.
i'm sorry to whoever followed the bot in the little time we made it public. i'd be doing several tests so i'll have to soft block you for now :< we'll make it public again once we've fixed the issue
thank you :undefined
it is a precious little bot!! and i hope you like the fics!
thank you!!
thank you!!!
thank you love 🥺🥺🥺
hi! love the taegificbot!!! you guys did an amazing work and the idea is so cool!! i was wondering if you are oka… — hello! thank you! i'm glad you like it! and sure, you can go ahead and build bots for whatever fandom/pairing you desire
thank you so much!!! 💛💛💛
okay i'm going to stop camping on the bot account. a lot of effort went into it and i hope people actually use it :<
thank you!!!! it was a spur of the moment thing but i'm glad it was enjoyable :d
thank you!! we hope you like it ☺️
i hope the syntax is easy to understand? those of you who've interacted with the taegi fic bot, were you able to figure out how to use the length & tags parameters easily? please help me gather some user data
i hope you like it!! :>
if you receive a fic that didn't match what you asked for, please inform us! it'll help us fix the issue
😂😂😂
nothing's gone wrong yet ahh i really hope it works this time!!!
thank you!! this is just the first attempt, and if it's successful we have a lot of ideas about other features to deploy! :d
okay finally here is the second attempt at releasing this bot! if you have any questions please contact me or   or
hopefully today's release will be successful :>
she's my baby now :'d
right when i was supposed to go to sleep
yes i believe they were easy to understand if you were familiar with ao3 tags, but everybody might not be. i just hope with time, the process becomes simpler for everyone.
this is only the first roll-out. we wish to deploy additional features like hourly/daily fic recs etc. but those will take a while. till then we wish to streamline this experience for everybody.
i'm going to log off now. please fill this feedback for us. i feel like quite a few people faced problems with the parameters. please reach out to us if something isn't working for you, or if you have any suggestions.
thank you precious, you've worked hard today!
recommend
might as well use it myself   recommend length (long)
thank you!!! and please do! ✨✨✨
thank you!!! i'm glad you like it ✨✨✨
thank you!!
same. the syntax is also hard to grasp i believe. it's not as intuitive as i had hoped. i'm adding more fics. hopefully it'll work out better tomorrow
okay it's time to add more fics to the database 🥰
this is cracking me up 😂😂😂
tae omg please stop writing your fanfiction 😂
look at my little yoogi flirting
thank you!!! we're glad you like it 💛💛💛
please don't be so loud :|
since it was the first day and we wanted to help people who were facing difficulties with the syntax, the mods were replying to tweets on the bot account.   but the bot is going to be its own entity with minimum interference from us. that was the intention from the start.
hello! you'd need to say "tags (sad ending)" for the bot to recognise your tags! otherwise it'll just give you random fics from the database without filtering for "sad ending"
hey! because "abo" isn't a tag on ao3 (it is written like "alpha/beta/omega dynamics") it would work better if you searched "tags (alpha)" or "tags (omega)" instead! you can check out the pinned thread for more details!
it's amazing!!!! make sure to tell the authors too!! i'm in the middle of writing an essay for a comment and i fear i'll cross the ao3 character limit lol
it's definitely worth it!!! have trust in me!! i just read it and i'm fine, see? it's not left on a cliffhanger and the writing is pure genius, you'll love it, i promise!!!
it's so cute and funny and niche and i am going to combust.
okay [exhales] i just finished reading the loveliest taejin fic and i need everybody to go read it am i clear?
😂😂😂 i came to look for it myself and i am not disappointed
it's immensely enjoyable!!!! i check for updates everyday and it's one of the most pleasing moments of my day lol. i love taehyung writing fanfiction in his head and yoongi calling kook over for a shirt!!!!!! they're both so cute!!
noooooooo i'll work on my assignment after the run episode. i won't be able to concentrate otherwise :<
i hate that i saw this at 4am last night and then my phone died that very instant. i'm back and i'm so excited to start!!!
thank you ✨✨✨✨✨ i'm so glad it worked for you!!!!! aaaaa
recommend tags (thriller)
recommend tags (horror)
oh yes! i've heard of this philosophy and it's such a good metaphor and motif to use in a hurt/comfort fic!! i'm looking forward to your fic 🥺
we're considering a daily/hourly fic rec feature for  , and is that something you'd want?
we're working on expanding the database, but it will take some time. there's some internal issues with the server that we are focusing on, but after that we'll work on adding more features and improving the bot's performance.
now that it's been a while and hopefully a lot of you had a chance to interact with the bot, do you have any thoughts or suggestions to share?
i hope you enjoy (enjoyed?) it!!! ✨✨✨
you deserve it and much much more!!
i don’t really understand any of it but the taegi fic bot !!!! holy shit your mind is amazing — aaaa thank you! but oh my god i'm sorry if it was difficult to grasp. if you have any questions about the bot, you…
go read it everybody! she's been working very hard on it, and she wrote it all in a month which is honestly terrifying
thoughts on taegi? — lots. but at the moment my singular thought is about finishing the research for my project so i can shut the lights and crawl into bed to read allie's new vampire taegi fic!…
seokjin always gives the most comforting and thoughtful words
can't put off my college work any longer. come talk about taegi or fic writing or the bot or anything while i work.
i'm rooting for seokjin!! or tae maybe. they're both good at these kinds of games.
this run episode was so chaotic. but i can smell a red herring. they're showing a lot of jimin finding 5 cards. pretty sure somebody else is going to win.
lmaoo yeah i have realised having too many ideas keeps me from writing any of them. i'm just going to keep quiet and focus on one. social media makes you feel like you should be writing and posting content all the time, but lol i wish it was that easy
same! especially since we all went missing for a month in the middle. i'm so confused
this was my first pitch to twitter, and then mia found this tweet, and then jas came on board, and wow it's been less than two months. it feels like it took forever.
i get excited and want to share my ideas with people without writing them lol. but then it just looms over me like a giant black cloud. sometimes sharing ideas can get you motivated, but sometimes it builds pressure :/
it's fine. they'd been camping on my cc for some time and leaving all kinds of nonsense. i learnt to brace for it eventually. it's best to ignore them and not give a response.
clearly they can read fics without problem. i want to see them write fics and see how it feels. to put in all that effort for weeks, post it online, and wake up the next day with all the anticipation in the world and see: nothing
it is what it is :/ you can't win on this app
it's alright. the best thing to do with these messages is to not indulge their writers.
i shouldn't even have to point out what is massively problematic in a statement like that. but if you agree with this person, please, i beg you, unfollow and block me, and never ever dare to read a fic in your life again.
a few weeks ago i got a cc that i deleted right after reading it. it said something like: "a lot of readers don't want to leave comments because half the time the author is whining about not getting comments on their twitter. this is why i don't follow authors like you."
that rant came out of nowhere. i just feel sad when i see disheartened creators. if i can change even one person's actions through my tweets, i'll be happy.
i have no conclusion. stop feeling entitled. content creators have jobs and studies as well. if they can take out all that time to create something that you enjoyed, can you not take out 5 or 10 minutes to say that you liked it? it's really not that difficult.
if hits & engagement increase but the kudos and comments don't, the natural assumption to make is that people read it and didn't like it.
it's not enough to tell creators not to feel upset about kudos/likes/retweets. it's natural to want appreciation. if you're silent, it translates into dislike.
is it that difficult to just tell somebody what bits of the story you liked? it's not! nobody is asking for prose & poetry. you can quote! you can literally go back and copy paste what the author wrote back at them. and they'll be happy.
it's really not that difficult. i see so many people hype writers on twitter to write a prompt they tweeted about, but then i see the same writers hurt because after all the effort of writing that prompt, nobody seems to want to give the same excitement from before.
a broken recorder: you read a fic? you liked it? it doesn't meet your "standards"? but you read it to the end? leave kudos. write comments. read ongoing fics. stop being silent. stop taking without giving anything in return. writers just ask for your thoughts and kindness.
huuuuge thanks to all galaxy brain mods for taking the time to create taegificbot 🥺🥺 we rly rly appreciate the … — thank you!! even though i do not moderate  . jas and mia work on that, and they've done an amazing job …
thank you love 💛
recommend tags (mystery)
recommend tags (science)
recommend tags (trope subversion)
i was so happy to read your comments on my fic even if they're in the dms. thank you so much!! you have no idea how much your words mean to me 🥺
i am genuinely scared ._.
i read a lot of  's fics this year. if i add the word counts, i read a grand total of 245,281 words by her. all of which was written in this year alone??? i am absolutely terrified. that is more than half the word count of all the lord of the rings books combined.
omygoddddd i was ???? for a few seconds but then i screamed. this is hilarious
lmaao this whole thread. i love you fairy ✨✨✨
i made some nerdy additions
stop it 😭 that's my circle too and we don't speak of it
now i love that energy 😂 and thank you. i received that cc a long time back so it's whatever. i don't care about it. i was just reminded of it after seeing a writer i really like disappointed on my tl which brought forth my rant here.
hello, i wanted to tell you that i agree with your recents tweets (about writers, readers, kudos/comments), i — first of all, thank you so much for writing to me in such depth. i can see your point too, and i can see why my thread…
kudos are great! writers love them! but ultimately they don't tell you what in the fic was heart-warming / heart-breaking / what made you feel seen. comments are treasured by authors, so even if you cannot leave one right away, take time, return to the fic to leave your thoughts!
i just saw your tweets but i don’t understand your fics are popular and since when do you wake up with no reactio… — my initial thread about not being a silent reader was about creators in general. and i've been writing for this f…
of course readers also feel overwhelmed. as long as you keep that tab open and return the next morning or return after you've calmed down. that's what i usually do too. often i leave a comment saying that i'll be back later to scream at them in the morning.
i wish i knew too. but that's the beauty of the anonymity of cc :/ it holds more incentive for haters than anybody else. having a cc in your bio is like giving an invitation to all kinds of hate. but thank you for your kind words.
i was definitely mad. like if it's my own stuff, i don't like speaking about it because like you already saw, i get called whiny. but i saw your thread and it made me so angry. you definitely started a mini revolution :d my cc is flooded with comments about it
that's the energy i love!!!! 💛💛💛💛💛💛
lmaaao thank you this definitely cheered me up!! (i wasn't down about this, but other college stuff) so thank you!! 💛💛💛
i swear i actually want to see meet these people and have them say this shit to my face
thank you and lolol maybe i am 👁️ thank you so much for reading and i'm so happy to know you liked it!!
this is going to sound really strange because i was just randomly going about my life and doing things when i suddenly felt this weird feeling. i was like i think i should check my ao3 inbox. i think somebody left a comment and it was so weird but i went and there it was !!!!!!!
i like yurio more tho
im 2 episodes in but it's making me cringe like the comedy is so forced
asdfghhhjjjjk
your tweet reminded me of this, u should give it a try
but yh there isn't much abt the two of them t t
there was something abt a fan asking kihyun abt yoongi and he said that they were close friends before debut
this be my favorite thread
i love this!
thank you! data science is a whole world. i'm no data scientist or computer engineer, i've just dabbled in machine learning in the past, and i got excited about building things on twitter with fanfiction. but data privacy is big concern too. i have to take that seriously.
thank you but i really don't want to do it lol. it was cool to think about because i've built recommendation systems before. it is technically possible, but i don't want to make some giant corporate thing out of it. i don't want to store people's data :/ fanfiction is personal
somebody stop me. why am i growing invested. i am not going to do this. i need to do my assignments. goodbye twitter.
and if the bot mapped all its users in an n-dimensional space & grouped people with similar interests, it could recommend their bookmarks to each other. it could make intelligent recommendations like the netflix recommendation system.
okay but what the hell now that i've had this thought i'm already seeing so many possibilities. if people consent to the bot storing data about their bookmarks and analysing the tags they like reading, the bot could recommend more fics of those tags to them.
yes i was thinking of using the public bookmarks, and even though the bookmarks can be seen by everybody, maybe people don't want a tool where everybody can see stats of their reading. sometimes stats can be a whole lot revealing when they're presented in a different format.
anyway i was speculating for fun, i'm not doing this. it was fun to think about, but no i don't want to bring this kind of torture upon myself voluntarily.
it might be but i'm worried it could go very very wrong since the bot has no way of knowing the ao3 username given even belongs to the person who gave it.
i can feel a headache coming even just imagining coding something like this. it could go so wrong because anyone could give out anybody's ao3 handle and the bot won't be able to tell it's authentic
if the taegi fic bot gave stats of your ao3 wrapped in 2020, like if you tweet "  wrapped undefined" and it dmed you stats about your top 5 tags and other meaningful stats. i'm not saying this is feasible, hell i'm pretty sure it isn't but imagine...
i said i won't be here, but i had an idea...
okay seriously good night...i have spent an abhorrent amount of time on this app today. i will not be seen here tomorrow.
this is such a good premise 😭😭😭
please...this is brilliant 😂
this was such an interesting read like vampire trope subversion!!!! i live for it! but god it is so well written and so so damn realistic. i was on the verge of crying the entire time. i have never read a fic about addiction, and i'm sure this will live in my head for a long time
in this exact order: horror, science fiction,  military, fantasy, religious conflict
here goes nothing. taehyung is not a reader and weknow yoongi's nerd ass loves reading. so i was just thinking … — thank you!! i'm glad you liked my works!! and sent me this delightful little imagine. i feel like reading a nice …
thinking about your persephone yoongi !!! — that is him!!!! omg thank you, i didn't think anybody thinks of my persephone yoongi :< this made me so happy! thank you
i wanted to write a new thing for taegi week, but i'll probably end up posting the first chapter of my marriage pact au for day 5
he's having a blast with his family! he's started having sleepovers at his new best friend yugyeom's house, but he still needs yoongi to sing him to sleep over the phone :>
i watch attack on titan so i'm okay with that level of violence, but i couldn't watch tokyo ghoul? does that scale of gore make sense lol? anyway i'll give it a try, thank you!
omg i was considering watching that. how is it? is there a lot of gore..?
i cannot even imagine, it's unimaginably hard to talk about these things under a spotlight where everybody is watching you like vultures, waiting to twist your words and tear you apart. the amount of strength seokjin has, he is truly my role model.
who cares when it comes i love them ✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨
lmao yoongi. they're so adorable
pwei i love you aaaaaaaaaaa thank you this is so cute!!!!
there are so many scenes i want to know about in pray for rain, but i'm going to wait and read the rest of the fic first :<
my favourite bits from valara!! you don't necessarily have to do a commentary on them, but i just wanted to tell you that i love these two scenes 💛
aaaaaah seokjin's words always hit me the hardest. he's the one who brings me the most comfort, and the few times he shares his sadness, it always hits me hard.
seokjin!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
wow same :/
when they wake up my cryogenically frozen head 1000 years from now and scan it, they'll truly know my head empty, only thoughts of pied piper! taejin sensually serenading each other
hello 👀
i will eat both of you
aaaaa happy birthday!!!!! ✨✨✨✨
you have some suspicious powers 👁️
lmaoo how do you always manage to see my tweets before i sneakily delete them
but on another tangent, this reminds me of this scientific study on anticipation & optimism bias. if anybody wants to check it out, it's really insightful
i do enjoy suffering so everybody shall suffer alongside me 🙂
it is definitely unexplored. the only fic that came to my mind was this yoonmin one. there may be more, but i haven't read abo verse in a long time
you can definitely give it a try!
best of luck! you'll get them all, i am manifesting it ✨✨✨
omg i am just coming from your yoonmin office au and i see you already posted the third chapter to the vampire fic!!! i'm just going to make camp in your inbox at this rate
ahh i'm sorry it's not possible to interact with the bot in private. but i hope you feel confident and safe to leave private mode soon! i'm prepared to bombard you with fics and be your personal bot in your dms lol. why does that sound flirty though...ignore the tone
oh this is really interesting!! this is making me think of other ways we can leave our thoughts. honestly i want to try making a voice note of my reactions or maybe try some voice-to-text feature. it could end up being incredible or really fucking weird.
i'll be honest. i was kinda scared to release the taegificbot, especially with that name, because people tend to abuse bots and are rude to them assuming that it's just a bot. but i see people thanking the bot under the bot's replies and it makes me so very happy!!
thank you so much!!!
oh my god, i went back to reread what i wrote and i am embarrassed of myself. but i'm glad my comments were able to cheer you up!!! aeons will remain one of my favourite and most memorable fics in the fandom!!
i am so sad because this is my favourite fic of yours :< but i can understand your feelings. i hope you'll grow to love it with time, but in the meantime i'll continue to shower it with my love!! ✨✨✨✨
same! i didn't know this guy, but i love his music!
i'm suddenly regretting not sending these two to one of their apartments 😂
jujutsu kaisen!! it's an anime about curses and it's really good so far!
i can't believe i lost. i will always remember this day.
exactly! i haven't watched a lot of anime in the last couple of years. i just keep up with one or two. so i am really surprised by how hooked i am just two episodes into this one.
stopp that sounds so lovely. because me is me and i love a smudge of supernatural always, maybe tae is actually a vampire, and he's taking care of a human child, so he's a bit awkward about parenting? which is why yoongi's comment makes him cry.
i love how you adjusted it to my brand oh my god. i love you. "everyone thinks we're married" i'm going to add it to my list of tropes. also what is the generator?? please send me the link :< it seems like a nice generator.
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
ohhhhh are these from somewhere??? i have 0 knowledge on parenting so not sure about the first one, but the second one is ✨✨✨ i love the "everybody thinks we're a couple" tropes
😂😂😂 i love this
it's top 10 i believe...
nooooo yoongi's on the phone. this is making me cry
thank you so much 🥺 you're so sweet
i have to stick to my brand :d
i have half-baked ideas floating around in my head. maybe something will come out of them :>
taegi au where yoongi resurrects his husband from the dead but the man that wakes up is nothing like the taehyung he knew.
ohh i have not. thank you!! i'll add it to my list!! 💛
good luck with that 😂
wait. did you read the 4th chapter? if you haven't, um you'll get a few answers there
the plot continues to blow my mind. i haven't been this intensely invested in any character's well-being as i am in yoongi's.
it seems like i haven't screamed about this fic sufficiently. it is so so good and intense and both heart-breaking as well as heart-warming. each chapter just gets better and better and better.
what the fuck. please don't ever ever doubt your writing! i hope you feel better soon, sending lots of love 💛💛💛
yoogie!!!!
am i really going to reread pray for rain for the fifth time in two days? yes, yes i am.
or husbands to lovers. you can't go wrong with that 😌
i actually pick strangers to lovers over both enemies/friends to lovers. i'm not very big on either of those.
why thank you for asking yoongi. i'm a demigirl :> although i prefer to just say non-binary
sdfghdemd this is taking me out
oh fuck
namjoon is so sexy
hoseok is the seaweedist of the seaweed boys
he didn't lie so
i was sobbing, but meanwhile yoongi...
i gasped when yoongi came. the whole performance was so wholesome
omg it's like that one powerpuff girls episode
lmaao
would putting my word count in my name help me get more writing done?
yess i just finished reading them!! i'm ready to scream about them in my comments!
aaaaahhh okay ._. you've already blessed us with almost 60k in a week. i'll be patient even though i want to shake everybody and tell them to read it already.
this is incredible!!!!
aaahhh i finally watched the first episode of attack on titan s4 and i can't wait for the counterattack to begin.
omg you seriously made my night. i'm going to read this before i sleep!!!
they're so cute please
thank you :undefined
it used to reach the small of my back. now it reaches just past my shoulders. why did i do this.
i cut my hair!!!! i literally just chopped off four inches of my hair. i want to cry.
nope 🙂
hello they all sound so fucking good????
i just saw this and i'm 🥺🥺🥺
i can't wait to know what happens. it's literally all i've thought about since yesterday 😭
if it helps i've been working on my story for months and my taegi haven't met either :/
fuck i was crying during this whole conversation. no matter how many times i read it, it never fails to hurt me
omg you must read the whole thing!! it's my favourite fic in the entire fandom!!!
omg yes those were really intense. this is my favourite scene from the whole fic. i was reading it at like 4am and i got goosebumps everywhere.
lmaao none of us remain the same after reading it happened quiet
this fic accounts for about 80% of my character development
thank you! i've been speaking & writing it for a long time because it has gender-neutral pronouns for the first and second persons! my native doesn't have that :/
just the link to the fic will suffice!
thank you!! i did! i slept till lunch lol
i kept writing and didn't realise the time. it's almost 5am. so this helped but fuck my sleep cycle is wrecked.
even though the mods are managing the database   is getting its recommendations from, it's not as if we've read every taegi fic there is. we have read plenty since all the mods have managed taegi fic rec blogs, but if you have any recs, please send them to us in dms!
thank you love
recommend tags (strangers to lovers)
not the whole fic, but the first chapter has a lot of supernatural horror :> because taehyung is a demon
that's completely alright! i'm embarrassed because i started writing it long back but i had college stuff and i got distracted by   :< social media may make it seem like you should be writing all the time, but we have other obligations and everybody has their own pace!
thank you, and yeah i'm trying to balance my college work and the taegi fic bot as well :/ i will try to finish the first chapter by taegi week
it's embarrassing. i only have 3k written :/ but horror is so hard to write
the room is enormous, larger than any yoongi’s ever seen, not that he’s seen many or will see any other than this one in the foreseeable future.   the wealth of the vikings has yet to become familiar to yoongi. to him, even having a whole room to himself feels like a luxury.
once the heavy oak door falls shut behind them, muffling the sounds of the celebrations, yoongi lingers a step behind taehyung as his husband walks to the center of his room.
yoongi had welcomed the quiet before, but it has grown suffocating now, curdling in the little time they’d taken to leave the celebrations and retire to taehyung’s rooms for the night.
save for the single quiet nod of agreement he gave his father when yoongi had knelt before him, taehyung remained quiet through the entirety of the dinner while his men cheered and drank to their victory.
the silence follows them to the room, and once they’re alone, it seems to grow louder.  it is then that yoongi realises that he hasn’t even heard the voice of the man that he was wed to.
this is also for         &   who requested wedding night kisses under my kissing prompts tweet.   i decided to combine all your prompts and write a short wedding night smut fic instead.
tags: viking au, wedding night smut, service top taehyung, gentle sex  this is for ella ( ) i wanted to post it on your birthday, but since that won't be possible because of sudden travel plans :< i'm posting it now! i hope you like it!!
taegi au where yoongi is traded to the vikings by his father for safe passage in the waters and is married to the jarl's son taehyung.
no 🥺
i really love the plot, and i've worked very hard on it so i really want to write the fic. but actually writing it is just 😭😭😭 world-building is hard
i never trust those two and jimin. but there was so much footage of jimin getting those 5 cards, i knew it wasn't going to be him. it had to be the other two.
this was my favourite run episode
i knew it was seokjin
i fucking called it
run bts!!!!! 💨💨💨
do you ever just give up on descriptions and simply get the dialogue out to get the scene to move forward.   i am so tired of this fic, and taegi have literally just met.
lmaoo, i hope you enjoy my word vomit instead :>
yoongi stiffens, and taehyung presses a kiss to his knuckles before pulling at his hand to lead them to the bed in the center of the room.  yoongi follows him on his stiff legs, completely thrown off and disoriented by taehyung’s words.
they both stand facing each other, and taehyung doesn’t let go of yoongi’s hand. he brings it up to his mouth instead as he speaks.  “i want it to be good for you.”
taehyung’s hand drops from yoongi’s face. he stands up from where he was kneeling on the floor and offers a palm for yoongi to take.  yoongi accepts the hand and taehyung pulls him up on his feet again.
“what do you want then?” he asks and doesn’t dare to speak louder than a whisper.   he has no desire to test how far taehyung’s cordiality extends.
his throat is parched, his lips dry, but taehyung’s eyes are on his and they look honest. there is no good reason for yoongi to trust them.   but on this foreign ship, with this foreign man whom he is wed to, he does not have the luxury of a choice.
“i apologise if i gave you the impression that i wished for you to submit to me. that is not what i want.”  yoongi forces his eyes open.
when yoongi’s silence stretches, he hears the sounds of boots against wood as taehyung slowly makes his way towards him.  yoongi squeezes his eyes shut, but when taehyung kneels before him, yoongi feels his husband’s fingers lift his chin.
“i—” yoongi starts jerkily but stops.   he doesn’t know what he’s doing. he doesn’t know what he’s supposed to do. it is not as if he was warned that he’d be sold to the vikings by his own father. it is not as if he ever prepared for this moment.
“what are you doing?”  taehyung’s voice is deep, and although his words are softly spoken, there’s an undeniable power in them and yoongi flinches where he sits.
yoongi licks his dry lips and then slowly drops down to his stiff knees, tucking his legs underneath him and bowing his head so that he stares at the wooden floor.   his body is shaking, bracing for taehyung to either voice his displeasure or state his orders.
he wasn’t taught the etiquette for this. he doesn’t know what his husband expects from him.   other than the obvious.
taehyung’s face doesn’t reveal any of his thoughts, and for one long moment yoongi stands where he is rooted, eyes locked with taehyung’s and petrified that he’s displeased his husband already.
but all his thoughts come to an abrupt halt when his husband turns around to face him, meeting his eyes for the first time in the night.
i almost died for a second there bc i wouldnt put it past them if they did name their tracklist like that lol
samee
you're cute~
someone said it
this is bloody gorgeous omygod somebody hold me
i wanna cry i have class tomorrow &its 4 but i just wanna curl up and cry and and and
please let's pretend that never happened oh my god i forgot i wrote that. i'm embarrassed
i forget how much i hate writing smut until i'm actually writing it 😭
thank you!!! ✨✨✨✨ i'm really happy you do! i'll try to post a lot more tomorrow!
i hope you like it! ✨✨
i need to sleep now, but i will write and post more tomorrow morning. i can't believe i am writing smut again when i swore to never write it after make it right :/
i am absolutely here for it whenever you decide to post 💛💛💛
hello
that's one kiss crossed off lol. i have five more to go!
i hope you like it 💛
i will! thank you!
lmaao i'm loving your thoughts. this made me laugh out loud, thank you.
it's also the only project that i created for the general public to use and required teamwork and lots of iterations and usability testing. i think i'm going to add it. it'll show diversity perhaps.
should i put the taegificbot on my work portfolio lol. i'm considering it, but also not? it doesn't fit with the rest of my work. it's mostly tech tinkering, not anything concept heavy that required a whole design process. but it still required a lot of work and i'm proud of it.
thank you!!! i'm glad you like it so far!! ✨✨✨
i will never not retweet filter jimin any time it appears on my timeline
i will attempt to update this every day, but i apologise the updates will be short because the semester is concluding and i'm buried under deadlines.
i am not sure what's happening with twitter, i almost never do, but a lot of accounts seem to be vanishing. but regardless of that, you can always find me on ao3 @ mangomya
“we didn’t get an opportunity to talk before, and i believe we would both find it immensely helpful.”
“shall we talk?” he asks, and yoongi’s eyes briefly widen. he barely contains the urge to raise an eyebrow and ask his husband if he has lost his wits wholly.  taehyung grins like he can read yoongi’s incredulity and finds it amusing. he pats the space beside him in invitation.
it is hard to tell what taehyung is thinking when he seats himself on the edge of the bed. nearly impossible when he wordlessly begins to take off his boots and scoots up the bed once he’s barefoot.
he entirely expects taehyung to yank him closer and have his way with him, putting an abrupt end to his rebellion.  but at the same time, he isn’t surprised when taehyung drops his palm from where it was resting on yoongi’s back and takes a step back.
“why don’t you venture a guess, my lord?” he says, soft yet sardonic, and he keeps his eyes on taehyung’s even though his body trembles and betrays his fright.
but the bite has been resting on his tongue for quite some time now, ever since his hands were bound behind his back and he was thrown on this foreign ship as payment.  and the words leave his lips with all their causticity.
and yoongi doesn’t know what is it that permits him to speak so freely, if he dropped his guard so quickly just because taehyung fed him a sweet line or two.
yoongi opens his eyes again. at this distance he has to tilt his head up to meet taehyung’s gaze.  he wonders how he appears to taehyung for him to be treating him no differently than one would approach a terrified horse.
he nods briefly and squeezes his eyes shut when taehyung moves to lean in.  it is a chaste press of lips, but it has yoongi inhaling sharply and taehyung pulls away a little.  “are you afraid?” he whispers.
“is this alright?” taehyung asks him, a whisper in the little space between their lips.  yoongi licks his lips instinctively and shivers when he catches taehyung eyeing the movement.
he’s handsome, infuriatingly so, and yoongi can’t help the way his face heats up when taehyung presses one palm against the bend of his spine and pulls him closer to his warm chest.
he’s clad in a white undershirt that falls open at his chest, and in the absence of the bulky coat, taehyung’s frame appears more defined under the warm light of the oil lamp.  yoongi would be a fool if he denied the truth of his husband’s beauty.
when he’s done, he looks up at taehyung who smiles at him and curls a finger to beckon him closer.
when taehyung releases his hand and begins to shed his coat and armour, yoongi follows his movements jerkily.   he doesn't have any armour on him so he simply undoes a few straps and lets his furs fall on the floor and pool around his feet.
baby blue for some very strange reason
tae is a sweetheart here as yoongi will eventually learn for himself.
their height difference is 💛 you won't find a fic from me that doesn't stress upon this one aspect of their dynamic
do you know this one taegi fic where they're exes that met in a snowstorm and they talk ? but they don't... — i'm positive this is the fic, but they do end up together. not during the snowstorm but after that.
just realised a major plot hole and i want to rewrite & repost the whole of my viking au. but you know what, i'm just going to cross my fingers and hope nobody notices it.
ahhh thank you!!!! i hope you enjoy what's to come!! ✨✨✨
thank you 💛 i have yet to resolve your server issue & i'll do it tomorrow after my mentoring!
nobody's using it so i might as well do it.   recommend me something love
thank you sweetheart 💛
i have absolutely no idea. i'm like an old lady when it comes to twitter.
thank you!!!! ✨✨✨
i was really beginning to hate my writing there which is why i locked it :undefined
oh no i feel like i'm constantly disappointing you. i literally just came after replying to you from the taegificbot account and now i see this 😭 i'm sorry!!
anyway i recovered it but :<
why did my bot get restricted
the most wholesome au on this app. i swear i'm not crying.
(note: i wanted to add something i realised after i'd posted this story, but viking warships weren't meant for long voyages and didn't have "rooms".  hence a correction: yoongi was taken when they were on the warship, but this takes place when the vikings have returned to land.)
lolol now that is a phase i'm familiar with 😂 i'm glad you're feeling better now!
noo please watch something else if this anime is causing you to feel negative emotions. i recently watched jujutsu kaisen and it was pretty interesting! or attack on titan if you haven't seen it yet. both of them are action & thriller so they'll be good distractions!
this is so adorable!!! and the watermark is taking me out 😂 i love it!!!
i'm pretty positive you're me in a parallel universe. but thank you! there's nothing to be anxious about, the professor is so sweet too, it's all so unnecessary. i hate it
this is so incredible and i'm so proud of you!! ✨✨✨✨
your viking fic is genius and top tier 🥰🤩 — thank you so much!! you are really kind 💛
thank you so much!! — you're welcome sweetheart!
it's my child 😂
he’s refused to think about his family, refused to tend to the festering betrayal in his chest, to let himself imagine if they regret it.  he hates them, hates the way they saw him and saw expendable, but most of all he hates the way his heart still longs for their presence.
he tightens his arms around his knees and grits his teeth in an attempt to keep the heat in his eyes at bay. he’s held himself together the entire day, refusing to cry in front of men who would descend upon him like vultures at the slightest smell of blood.
yoongi doesn’t stand a chance if taehyung decides to have his way with him.
he’s never had to man a boat, not when his older brothers were always going to inherit the ships and yoongi was born a spare.  his arms are thin and pale, an obvious contrast to taehyung’s that are tanned golden from working under the sun.
“you have no reason not to,” yoongi continues. “you could do whatever you desire. it’s not as if i could fight you.”  it is the truth. yoongi is no warrior. he’s a merchant’s son, the fifth one too.
never expected to be wed and leered at by a roomful of men, like one would stare at fresh meat, and then carted off to private chambers for the next event, arguably the only one yoongi had some certainty about.
the entire night has been a torrent of events that yoongi never anticipated.   he never expected to be thrown onto a boat of looters, to be yanked up by the hair and thrust at their leader, men hollering and cheering around them like yoongi was an exceptional haul.
yoongi wills himself to not look away.  “why would you not hurt me?” he asks.
there are so many thoughts crowding and clashing in his mind, but yoongi’s throat is so dry, he can only bring himself to utter one word.  “why?” he says, and taehyung’s head snaps up.
“i wish the circumstances were different and i could earn your trust with something other than my words, but please believe me when i say that your body would receive my utmost respect and care. i will not hurt you.”
“you need not be scared of me,” taehyung says, soft as a whisper, “i won’t hurt you.”  yoongi stills, thrown off not by the words but the honeyed sincerity in taehyung’s gaze.  when yoongi doesn’t respond, taehyung licks his lips and ducks his head again.
taehyung meets his gaze, and yoongi can’t help the way his body shivers under the thin linen sheath dress he’s wearing.   he wraps his arms around his knees, and taehyung’s eyes drop to the movement.
“you don’t trust me. we’re strangers, and you were clearly betrayed by the people you loved. there’s no good reason for you to trust what i say…but i must say it anyway.”
“my words hold little value to you right now. i am aware of that.” taehyung looks down at the little distance between their knees as he runs a hand through his hair.   it is long enough to hang over his eyes, and the light of the lamp casts its shadows across his face.
“what is it that you wish to talk to me about?”  taehyung had been watching yoongi with a small smile, but now his lips press into a tight line and his face grows somber, much like the quiet man yoongi sat with during dinner.
yoongi eyes him warily, but when taehyung makes no other movement, he walks closer and seats himself on the edge of the bed as well, ridding himself of his boots and pulling his legs up to his chest as he turns to face taehyung.
excuse me. the spicy one please. 🙂
lol what is this 😂😂😂
thank you 🥺🥺🥺
my favourite taegi dynamic is a fiery vengeful yoongi and a fond taehyung smiling behind him, completely taken by him
i'm sorry 🥺
thank you 😂 i'm the one complaining actually. i wanted it to be a short thing, but i keep adding all this plot, this is never going to end.
i am the one complaining lol 😂 this was supposed to be a short thing, but with the way i'm going, i can see it turning into a monster
me! i am saying no!
lmaao i totally get that 😂
yes i do. and i'm already writing you a giant historical fic. so stop bullying me 😡
thank you!!! i'm really happy you're enjoying it!! ✨✨
stop bullying me. i will block you.
stop it you will jinx it. this will be under 10k and i refuse to listen to any other opinion.
anyway the smut would probably begin in tomorrow's update. i haven't written it though so my guess is about as good as yours.
this was supposed to be a pwp but you all should know i am incapable of not writing plot.
i swear i will reach the smut one day.
he remains frozen still, breath caught in his throat as taehyung cups yoongi’s cheek in his palm.  “i told you already.” taehyung says, ever so patient. “i want it to be good for you.”
“and what is it that i desire?” taehyung asks him quietly.   he’s suddenly so close, and yoongi can’t respond.
yoongi flinches when he feels a touch on his cheek, and he looks up to see taehyung who has leaned forward to wipe the tear that escaped his eyes with his thumb.
thank you!!!! 💛💛💛💛
just wanted to say that i unlocked this fic and put it back on my ao3 page. i'm extremely impulsive, please bear with me.
oh i didn't think of it like that. i definitely need to try that! i'm sure it's going to be a drastically different experience. thank you!
thank you!! and i get it! i just have a lot of insecurities piled up inside me because i'm not a native speaker, and i used to go all "fuck punctuation, artistic freedom etc" when i was younger but reading that writing now is so embarrassing so i follow the rules now lol
oh thank you so much! i'll take a look at that!!
it's obviously not mine either lol. but thank you! i've tried those text to speech softwares and they're really helpful! and i agree reading definitely helps. but you're focusing more on the words than the punctuation? and it's only when you write, you start noticing these things
no no i get it!! i get the theory but while writing, i'm always ?????
oh that sounds correct too?? i have no idea anymore
thank you!! i've been thinking about commas so much suddenly. nothing seems right anymore. i need to go to sleep
😂😂 i'm very glad i'm not the only one doing this. thank you
lmao my imagination of a posh english person is a little rusty, but i'm going to give this a try. thank you!! it sounds very interesting.
lmaoo i do that too when i'm fed up trying to get answers from google.
lmao i try my best to study the rules and get them right, but often i'm like fuck it and just take a guess. it's very hard. and idk if other authors are just winging it like me.
yes lol. i studied grammar rules and everything. comma splices undefined conjunctions etc. and i get them, but so many times i'm just running a lot of google searches to figure out if my comma placement is correct or not. i genuinely don't know how native speakers do it.
genuine question: does anybody know where the commas go?
and if that doesn't work out i'll go read this lol. i haven't read a manga in ages. i'm so entirely out of touch
i'll try that!! i want to watch the queen's gambit as well
oh wow 😂
aaaaaaaa i looked at the plot and it seems so interesting!! but i don't have netflix anymore aaaaaaaa
oh no that's completely alright!! i'd obviously love if you ever posted it, but i'm happy just to sit and think about it lol
the other members in nothing lasts forever. i didn't get to include them since the fic was a one room thriller, but i like to imagine their reaction to taehyung's revelation.
i'm so curious about his and namjoon's story too. they had an arranged marriage. i like to think about how those two reached where they did.
i saw this and instead of my own fic, i was thinking of seokjin from your yoonmin court politics au lol
thank you!! i was worried because the story wasn't from his pov so it was harder to understand his reasoning and emotions, but i'm glad they managed to get conveyed to you regardless of that :>
hands down taehyung in nothing lasts forever. a 14,000 years old caveman slowly turning into a zombie and trying to save his ex husband when they're trapped in an elevator. yeah never again.
the first word i saw was marriage and i closed the tweet
this fic is really cute!!! 💛
anyway i recovered it, but i don't know why it's happening. if any of you interact with the bot and find that it is restricted, could you please @ or dm any of the mods. it would really help us! thank you
i'm getting irritated now. they restricted taegi fic bot for the second time
thank you so much!! ✨✨✨
omg i spoiled so much for you ahhhh i'm sorry, i hope you enjoy the story regardless
ahh really? the vikings bit is very little because i'm sorry i don't have a knowledge about them beyond extensive google searches about what they wear underneath their clothes lol. i hope it's enjoyable regardless!
i'm sorry i haven't been able to work on my taegi viking au. i'll try to post an update tomorrow once i've finished my submissions.
this is so adorable i'm crying 😭
yess this fic is incredible!!! it's brilliant, the blend of humor and suspense, i love it so much!
thank you so much!! 🥺🥺🥺
thank you so much for reading!!! i'm really happy you enjoyed it and that it'll be a memorable story to you! i hope you have a nice day love 💛
all my fics & ideas for future fics can be found in my moments:
hi! how are you? i first wanted to tell you that i absolutely love your writing and you're one of my biggest insp… — hello!! i'm doing great! thank you so much! i'm so happy to know you find inspiration through my writing!! that w…
anyway spam over. my writing is so scattered. it's impossible to put it all together in one place.
changed things a little, but here is a small scene that i imagined
i wrote a small scene for this au
i'm cleaning all of my au ideas and organising them. please ignore the spam that's going to come
😂😂😂
ohhhhh they're all so unique and interesting. i'm definitely going to watch dorohedoro. and aggretsuko lol, the premise is super interesting and hopefully i'll get accustomed to the animation as i watch it.
asdghjlnjigcxb ffsetfdghjjfsadfg aaqessertfghhujkk
i love youuuuuu
my brother sings dasi run run while he flips the next page in game of thrones
so cute adesddegvcgmmljb is this conspiracy why are all you all buying glasses
your phone cover is really cute!!!
asfssftdsshkkjgfsxb
im still not over ireumeun jungkook &you do this
those collar bones 😳😳 thank you
you know the one
isn't this taegi in that run episode
the way i am literally sitting in front of my laptop and doing the same gesture alongside him again and again 😂 thank you!! it made me laugh
flower seokjinnie!!! my favourite kind of seokjin!! thank you!! 💛💛💛
omggg the way i literally melted. thank you so much!! he's adorable!
he's so cute 🥺🥺🥺 thank you so much!!!
thank you!! and yes they do!! esp the last one, i love him so much 😭 thank you both!!
omygod i smiled so wide just now. thank you both!! i feel much better now 💛💛💛
he's so cute 😭😭😭 never fails to bring a smile to my face, thank you!!
omygod i love him. i literally have his laugh saved on my phone as my ringtone 💛💛💛 thank you so much!!!!
thank you 🥺 i feel better already
taegi, angst: 31 💛
aaaaaaaa i love you both thank you
ahhhhh thank you i love this boy and my heart is bursting with affection for him and for you too 💛💛💛 thank you!!
if anybody else is also feeling low about themselves, please know that i love you and i'm very proud of you. you may be focusing on the one thing that's not going well, but you've already accomplished so many other things. it's always good to focus on those for a while.
i'm feeling really low right now. please send me photos of seokjin doing seokjin things.
this gif is a succinct visual representation of me at all times
yes it's a little hard to understand at the beginning, but don't worry! it'll make sense in the next chapter!
💛💛💛💛
i'm glad you enjoyed(?) it lol 😂😂
thank you 💛💛💛💛
what did they even gain from this. if you're going to take out time to dig out somebody's cc and send them some hate, at least put in a little effort lol.
omgg i was so close to tears. i didn't think the prompt could be interpreted like this and it was such a pleasant surprise!!! thank you so much for writing this ✨✨
i never get to go on dates though so it's all useless 😩
like most things in my life, imagine a taegi au: tae tries to comfort yoongi through the door of a public washroom. yoongi comes out and says he has a cold but he'd still like a hug. after he's washed his hands.  and they go on a date.
i remembered this one time i was in a public washroom undefined apparently they just had a cold.
oh nooooo thank you why is this making me emotional. thank you so much!!!! 💛💛💛
as long as you feel happy, mango, that’s all that i really need, you don’t have to thank me as well, just feel be… — run episodes heal me like nothing else can. i've watched the last one thrice already.
he's so unfairly adorable 😭😭😭
omg he's so tiny!!! thank you so much 💛💛💛 i'm feeling much better now!!
i saw that you are feeling down and just wanted to let you know that you are one of the main reasons for my… — i don't even know—honestly more than anything, i'm touched somebody would send this to me. thank you so much…
this entire thread 😂😂 i hate how accurate it is
omg thank you so much!!! 🥺🥺🥺
banana seokjin always has me 🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰 thank you!!
yoongi opens his eyes in surprise and finds taehyung’s face inches from his own, their pants filling the quiet air of the room.  “we need to speak, yoongi,” taehyung rasps out.
yoongi presses closer, swiping his tongue against taehyung’s lip, and he hears taehyung groan.   he places a palm on taehyung’s bicep with all intent to pull him even closer, but taehyung breaks the kiss abruptly.
and this kiss is a lot less chaste. their lips part and slide together, but yoongi still feels the way taehyung is so careful with him.   he doesn’t understand his husband, and it irritates him.
instead of an answer, yoongi closes the distance between them, slotting their lips together in a kiss that’s harder than the one they shared a few minutes earlier.   he can tell that he catches taehyung by surprise, but taehyung is quick to kiss him back.
“yoongi,” taehyung whispers, and yoongi shivers at the sound of his name, “please speak to me, sweetheart.”
taehyung’s hand skims down his cheek to hold his chin between a thumb and a finger. he tips it up, and they’re so close again.  yoongi feels taehyung’s breaths against his lips.
yoongi parts his lips but no words come to him.  “you were forced into this arrangement, and you’ve been hurting. but if there’s any way i can make this night even a little pleasurable for you, please tell me.”
i haven't looked at it in so long, i've forgotten what i wrote and what i was supposed to write next lol
my assignments are stressing me out :| i think i'll work on the viking au for some time
i have no idea how it'll all get resolved in 3 chapters, but by now i also know that trying to predict that story is useless
each pray for rain chapter does some serious damage to my heart.
😂😂😂
attack on titan / death note first! and make sure to watch promised neverland at night in the dark lol. it'll have its intended effect then. boku no hero...i liked it in the beginning but i kinda lost interest later, but it's definitely the most light-hearted out of them all.
why did this make me laugh lol. reading people's pain caused by this fic brings me immense pleasure.
run episode today yeaaaaa
taejin 3b!
i read the cutest taegi grim reaper au last night 😭😭😭
we talked about this before stopp 😭
i want to ease into it ~naturally~ no puns intended. but expecting to reach that kind of development in a twitter thread fic was a miscalculation on my part.
it's like each time i consider beginning the smut in my viking au, i feel like it will flatten whatever depth i've given these characters. i don't want them to exist only for the porn, that's not what i like to write, but at this rate they're never going to get to it lol.
i have no idea what's happening in the story either.
"you are not the last person on this earth and nor am i dying to have you, but you /are/ my husband, and this night /is/ something we have to get through together, whether either of us likes it or not.”
“but if you must know so badly, i am not enjoying this either," taehyung continues, and anger makes his face look so foreign. "i may not have been forced into this arrangement, but it is not as if i wished to be married to a stranger like this."
like this, it's so easy to see how his husband engulfs him, and this is the very scenario he'd been expecting the entire day, but now that it's here, yoongi can't help the dread that collects in his stomach.
“first of all, i need you to stop presuming what i want and do not want,” taehyung starts, voice low and dangerous, and the way he looms over yoongi has him stiffening with fear.
taehyung has been nothing but cordial and kind to yoongi the entire night, but yoongi sees when the anger seeps into his face for the first time.   his eyes narrow, and yoongi doesn't expect it at all when taehyung suddenly grips him by the shoulders and pushes him into the bed.
“there’s nothing to speak about,” yoongi snaps. “do you want me to formally invite you inside my ass? you want to take me so just drop the fucking act and get it over with.”
yoongi feels another surge of irritation course through him.   he grips taehyung's bicep tighter, yanking him closer with one harsh tug till taehyung is almost curved over him, his dark eyes on yoongi and his hair hanging low enough to brush against yoongi's cheeks.
i've been cramming everything into my marked for later list for the past few weeks and i can't wait for my christmas break!!! i have so much to both read and write.
i'm excited!!! ✨✨✨✨
omg
thank you!!! it's a marriage pact with a demon though. not sure if that is what you had in mind lol.
this scene is pretty fresh. i wrote it last night for my taegi marriage pact au
today is wip wednesday hmm
you must!! it's really good!
i'm so grateful to have read it. thank you so much for building this world and pulling me into it. it was all so realistic and thrilling, and your characters were so strong. i'm going to remember this story for a long long time.
i finally finished this and i am speechless. i can't even fathom the amount of effort that went into creating this brilliant story, the headspace you'd need to enter continuously to write it. it was beautiful, and the plot is like nothing i've read before.
i'm so excited ✨✨✨✨✨
this is my favourite soundtrack by mark kroven
somebody made an instrument for creating specifically horror music, and i'm blown away. it's called the apprehension engine, and i'm going to be listening to this each time i need to write horror fics.
this is the most adorable thing i've seen all week!
i heard the last one in my ao3 yoongi's voice help me
oh 😳😳 this is so good!!!
ahhhh i'm getting there in a few more weeks 😭 but congratulations!!!
same 😭 i've been saving them all for my christmas break. if you want some lemme know :<
congratulations!!!!! i'm so proud of you 💛💛💛💛💛
this fic is such a unique take on fake dating!! and a thriller on top of that?? and that too a humorous thriller???? i love it so much!! 😭😭😭
i wish i could do the same but i am obsessed with keeping my docs clean and organized :\ i delete whatever i don't like
aaaa thank you!! my christmas break starts soon so i hope to get a lot of writing done then!
here you go! 💛
let's do this
i was thinking of that day before and i hate myself for coming up with all these dumb ideas and never writing them 😭😭😭
please 😭 remember that one small childhood friends to lovers fic i wrote you in the dms, where yoongi is an android who lives with the kim family (seokjin, namjoon and taehyung) and they all leave for college and when they return, they're all big and yoongi has a crush on tae?
taegi week mods: this year's theme is fluff 🥰 me (holding my fic in offering and sobbing): please take my horror. it's all i have
ella had actually tried to convince me to write this for the previous taegi week, and now i'm trying to finish just the first chapter for this year's taegi week lol. that should give you an idea how slow i am at writing fics.
thank you!! i'm so happy you liked it!! maybe i'll be inspired to finish it in the future 💛
yes i am so ready for this!!!! ✨✨✨
i have not forgotten about this au it is still the funniest thing i've heard
i was reminded of this hilarious thread
your writing is amazing!! and i'm sure this will be too! but of course, you can skim through it once again and post it once you feel confident! ✨✨✨ but i'm ready to scream at you about it when you do!!
but i did find this.   remember when we were gushing about arranged marriage taegi kissing for the first time? i ended up writing some of it myself that night, but it never went anywhere lol.
i usually end up deleting what i abandon, but i'm pretty sure there's at least 20k of it.
this is so cute!!!
resolution: he ends up with 6 boyfriends.
now i'll sit & wait for somebody to write it for me
satan!tae and his 6 reapers au
ohhh those are nice!!!! i'm thinking a very strange but famous paranormal agency with these hot men. or maybe modern demigods?? time travellers?? some competitive dating show?? or grim reapers?? mercenaries?? basically tae as satan, and the other 6 as his reapers/mercenaries?
oh this was an interesting question, i'd go with jimin & tae!
by pretty humans, i basically mean 7 very specific men. i will swallow them whole and leave.
basically just do what you like, it's all good! i'm always there to scream with you about any ideas though ☺️
that's completely valid!! if plotting makes you happy, then do that!! you don't need to write fully fleshed fics for every idea. sometimes you just want to create docs of these worlds and share them with friends and scream about it for a day and then never open them again lol
fuck, i just know my brain is going to be spitting out au ideas the entire night.
if i were a fanfic trope, i'd be a bitter & angry cryptid who lives on top of the haunted hill. villagers send me pretty humans to eat each year so that i don't destroy the village at the foot of the hill.
i'm very interested in that doc 👀
the sooner you edit your second chapter, the sooner i will be in your inbox ☺️ i'm already setting camp outside it
thank you!!! but please yours is like amazing!! i'd be dishonouring yours if i even continued this dumb drabble :/
thank you!! i wrote it late at night a long time back and i have no idea what i was supposed to write after this lol
thank you!! i don't know where to take it but maybe i'll be inspired to finish it :>
i wrote it one night driven by some fever but then i dumped it before i went to sleep and then promptly forgot about it :<
nooo research is the bane of my existence :undefined i'm pretty much narrating my own experiences in fanfiction so that i don't have to research. i'm so sick of it. but thank you!
playfair display!! it's my favourite font for headings!
thank you!! thankfully this is one topic i don't need to research for lol
lmao but it really made me cry though, just the outfits made me so nostalgic
help they were the first kpop group i heard!!!
dear allie's brain, meet me on the rooftop
no negativity on my watch
i love you what are you talking about
how does this work for everybody except me
and some more. i was very invested in this au at some point lol. i'd just rewatched all of fmab
i made a map and everything too. i am embarrassed
do it! do it! do it!
lmaao no no believe me i have thought about it at lengths i don't wish to disclose. since it was your idea i didn't want to jump in and say which sin i'd carefully chosen for whom lol. i have a whole alchemy / 7 sins / court politics au plotted in a doc and stashed somewhere
omg this combination. each reaper represents a sin and collects bodies according to the sin they oversee. taehyung is satan so he can be pride or wrath?
well if you ever want an opinion or help or motivation, you can always slide into my dms :>
if it makes you feel any better, i am working on an idea i came up with in march. you can keep developing both the idea & your writing till you're happy with them. twitter makes us feel like we need to write an idea as soon as we think it, but i'm trying to unlearn that.
but seriously, it was so thrilling and i had this ominous music playing and it was definitely one of the wildest fanfic readings i've ever experienced.
where do i begin with this fic... cosmic horror, reanimated corpses, alien sex??? like how do i even describe it, it's hands down the most unique plot i've ever been blessed with!! thank you so much it's 6am and i have no thoughts at all
this is my favorite jihope fic!!
nobody's doing it like you ✨✨✨✨
no problem. the whole thing was confusing for me too which is why i opted out of it and chose others, and the "why?" is because i don't understand why there is a need to ask for gender or sex for that matter
yes. but in my country trans doesn't hold the same meaning as it does in the west i suppose. here they don't really distinguish sex from gender. trans is more of a cultural identity and is taken to mean an intersex person more often than not.
you're not that much older 😂 but yes i love to be babied. i hear my family talk about my marriage every second day, i want to forget everything and be babied lol
i did notice it but i figured you were watching whatever it is that you watch lol.
thank you!! i really need this aggressive energy!! it makes me feel more confident :>
thank you 🥺 i'm both irritated and scared
thank you 🥺 i'm kinda scared too, but i just said fuck it and submitted it. this form is for my uni's wellness team so they seriously need to do better.
i suppose i am 😂
thank you!! thankfully this isn't an application form, just a form for the university's "wellness team" which is ironic. this is just my little way to saying "do better"
i lost 2 followers right after this tweet? not sure i am sad to see you go
i'm so anxious. i hope i don't regret my little rebellion later
yes!!! it's good to have them all saved. you can slowly work on them and post them once you have the confidence :>
thank you!! i can't wait either :undefined
my christmas break reading list is growing thicker and i love it!!
i know you must have a lot of recs but honestly i followed this one the other day and i can't stop thinking about… — aaaaaa thank you!!! i love user silverpupils, and i'm definitely adding this to my reading list for my christmas …
i laughed too loud at this. it's the worst. and it's why i end up abandoning most of my threadfics midway and just post the whole thing on ao3 instead
i did need it. thank you! i will escape twitter and go work now d:
aaah if my restraint lasts long enough. but hopefully i'll post it sometime this week :>
this is a draft and i'm not going to post it until i've finished my submission. it is my self-inflicted punishment d:
please. i have deadlines. why am i writing fics.
the way i have my project deadline tomorrow and i am so behind on it but i decided to write this drabble instead. please shake me and put my priorities right
but 🥺🥺🥺 i love your writing i'd love to read it whenever and if ever you decide to share it
how dare you just throw this at me
please take care! and i hope your mother recovers quickly!
vote for the fourth snail 🔪🔪🔪
i'm going to whip out all of my 5 accounts and vote for it, wait for it
this is adorable i squealed. cmon everybody vote for the fourth snail 🥺🥺
i had my age in my bio, idk why everybody seems surprised lol. besides you're not that much older 😭😭😭
you must!!; it's incredible!!
excuse me we'll build a blanket palace bc we have standards
:p
<3
i have this love/hate relationship with my wifi but i'm sorry this just won't work out
yassszz
we'll see if u behave
admit it ur shameless
ill tell u when i feel hydrated again
ok wait i just realised how weird that sounded
the best honestly. join me
please pity ur poor readers and make them cuddle or smth
y would u do that omyg0ddd omygodd i swear if u do that i'll going to make yoongi eat tae and call that a happy end
ha
ahhh im going to have to read it now won't i ? *deep breath* i can do this
cannibal yoongi is fascinated by candy crush on tae's phone n decides to eat him a lil later yknow coz he gotta clear this stage. priorities
even my mom knows of this fic bc i refuse to talk for hours after reading it
honestly i still haven't read the entire thing bc i'm always so scared to read more than a few paras i cry so much
i think i can spend my entire life doing this
tiny people are gorgeous
excuse me bighit?
are u trying to be funny
why do people not like it, i actually really love it he's put so much hard work into it y would u not like it
read them lol
glad we've finally established that hoseok and taehyung are married. good for them. good for them.
aaaaaaa i finally finished my submissions i can finally do everything that i have piled up for my break
we are now 🥰 and i'm glad you like the fics i scream about lol!! and omg this is tae in pray for rain!!   look at this!!!
why did i feel a sense of foreboding while reading this...you better not mean me lol.
okay then 😳😳😳
thank you!! but seriously i'm like vibrating to read your fic but i can't and i'm so mad 😭😭😭
i seriously need to finish my work before i can read this whyyy can't my uni just piss off
oh my god
it has its significance i promise 😂 i was craving ice cream so i just added it in the story for fun but it worked surprisingly well with their dynamic
ahhhh i am getting excited to post it too :undefined
exactly although there isn't much of them being chaebols here either lol. you're the taegi week admin, do something about this please 😭😭😭
it's my favourite trope 🥰🥰🥰
thank you 🥺
thank you!! 💛💛
yes it takes twice as long for me since i write the story in my docs first and then have to go through another round of editing to make sure everything fits and doesn't cut off at awkward bits. but it's ok, you'll figure it out! you can always take to ao3 too
i've been looking forward to this for so long and i'm so excited ✨✨✨✨
mango what happend to your human tae/ vamp yoong fic?!! i spent like an hour yesterday searching for it… — hello!! ah so i made the fic private for some time because i wasn't very happy with my writing in it. i didn't want…
yes i did. i cried for four months to be exact 😂 i wrote about taegi dying for four months and it's not an experience i'd wish upon anybody lol.   but thank you!! i'm glad you enjoyed(?) it! :>
"i should not laugh but i wanted to throw a chair," has very quickly climbed to the top spot in my most relatable things park jimin has ever said list
and when he said that he "wanted to throw a chair" 😂😂😂 i swear i haven't laughed that much in all of this year
for a moment i seriously saw myself spending my entire christmas break fixing it, but thankfully i'd just made a small error in the code when i updated the database onto the server earlier today. it was easily resolved :>
i panicked for a moment. but it was just a stupid error on my part.
yay okay it worked. great
let's test again:   recommend
nooooo what are you doing
it really did. great.
the bot crashed i believe. testing:   recommend
thank you!! as long as people use it, we're happy to have worked on it! 💛💛💛
while you're here, here are some of my own recs:
we're always looking for recs, so please reply with some of your favourite taegi fics!! now that my christmas break is here, i'm going to be reading a lot!
we're close to 1,000 fics in the taegi fic bot & there are 3,954 fics under the taegi tag (filtered by otp:true) which means we have almost 1/4th of the taegi tag in the database :ddd
oh my god i haven't heard that name in years
he's so cute help
the superior tones
mint haired min yoongi carried ao3 on his back
being left on read by tannies is not a thought i want to entertain
it was amazing. i can't even imagine the effort that went into fleshing him out. you are a brilliant writer!! 💛💛💛 thank you for blessing us with this fic.  pray for rain:
because i need to gush about yoongi in pray for rain, i will do it again. the way you wrote yoongi in that fic is phenomenal. he was such a complex character but you delivered all of his internal conflicts so well. he's so strong yet vulnerable, and logical where he's irrational+
i read it once a week at least before i go to sleep :undefined
and my favorite snippet from the fic!!!
valara:   pray for rain:
i almost missed this but my favourite fics from you are definitely valara & pray for rain. even though pray for rain was a monster compared to valara, valara still has what i believe is the best married taegi dynamic. i must've read it about fifteen times already.
lmao technically my favourite one was the "you better listen to it, hyung,” but this one was really funny too. there were too many but without knowing the context, this one is definitely the funniest :undefined
i saved a screenshot of one of my favorite snippets ✨
this fic was such a journey. it's funny and sweet and painfully heart-breaking as well and just extremely wholesome. i've also never seen any fic talk about the gray areas of consent like this one did. it really made me feel seen, thank you.
noooo wait for me!! i haven't read it yet!!! i had a not so great day so i'll read this before sleeping and cheer myself up :<
hello, they're all here! :> i hope you like them
i expected to get ignored like usual 😔
nooo stop why are people seeing my stupid tweet. look away!
this is embarrassing d:
asdfghj it's really hard to visualise 😭 my spatial intelligence is low and i can't tell which limb should reach where
please look away lol
this is so pretty and terrifying at the same time. i love his eyes!!!
i forgot how hard it is to write smut. i'm back to testing the positions on my bed to see if they're humanly possible
i voted taegi without seeing what it was for and now i'm :|
the best advice honestly. i chant "i don't give a fuck" to myself a couple of times and it's all good again. i just wish i could be entirely impervious to shit on social media but alas
silver yoongi!! 🥺🥺
the promise of good writing takes me to places i never wish to go to. but here you go, it's really good and i'd recommend it even though i was sobbing so hard i could not see my screen:
now why would you do that 😭😭😭
in case any brave souls want to venture:
but it's so well written. i am never going to be the same again.
just read a major character death fic and my only question is why? why did i do it?
2. taegi eloping together! ex-boyfriend taehyung crashing yoongi’s wedding and having him run away with him? or taehyung runs a service that helps omegas in harsh marriages run away?
1. old married couple! like vampires taegi who’ve been together for 500 years and decide to open a daycare for human children!
i've thought about this trope plenty, so here's a list of married taegi prompts that i compiled for anybody to use for inspiration! let me know if you decide to write any of them! i'd love to read it!
happy birthday love!!!! i hope you have a day as wonderful as yourself!! 🌼🌼🌼🌼
i want to try this too!   recommend length (short) tags (fluff)
here you go!
i love how yoongi's is "how dare you talk to me," and taehyung's is "bold of you to ignore me." 😂😂😂
"don't love me," why thank you. that's very fitting.
oh i like this!!!!
the world-building was definitely incredible, but i'm definitely with you with you on the characters. especially the protagonist. i just couldn't get myself to like harry potter as a character, and just generally never understood why people liked the series as much as they did
thank you so much!!! 💛💛💛 i haven't stopped smiling since i read it. it made my whole day!
i am screaming. the banter, the communication, the affection. it was such an incredible read. taehyung is the best boyfriend. this has become my new comfort fic now.
good choice. i read the series and honestly never understood the hype.
i'm not 😂
i need a boyfriend just for this reason
stop bullying me 😂😂😂
lmao 😂😂😂 my smut isn't that adventurous. it's mostly checking if humans can balance on an arm and if there's a couch, would you need to put your knee on it to cage someone sitting on it etc
how do you never run out of the greatest ideas?????… — i look for inspiration everywhere lmao it's a curse, i can't watch any film or anime without imagining a potential fic based on it
stuck in quarantine and in dire need of some adventurous naruto/sasuke smut, fanfiction writer taehyung asks his elusive roommate yoongi to help him figure out a few positions
😂😂😂
!!!! the first one would suit your writing so much. i like the 7th one a lot myself!! it's definitely my type!
thank you!!! i had them all in my head but i had to come to terms with the fact that i won't be able to write them all lol. so i shared them in hopes of someone else writing them for me lol
*adding it to my never-ending list of things i promise to write but have bleak hope of ever writing to the point of completion*
might end up writing this myself
very seriously considering giving up on writing altogether and just becoming a prompt bot instead
15. husbands to enemies! mercenary husbands taegi find themselves on the opposite ends of the gladiator ring.
14. forced marriage aus! after a raid in a village, taehyung's pirate crew's cut of the loot is a locked chest. yoongi is in that chest.
13. arranged marriages: for corporate mergers / to end a war / as is foretold by the gods / just until they produce an heir / to clean royal bloodlines
12. ex-husbands au where they're both chosen for the hunger games!!
11. first meetings before they say yes! yoongi is waiting at the outdoor restaurant they’re supposed to meet at when taehyung runs up to him, shirt drenched in blood, and pulls him by the wrist, screaming at him to "fucking run!"
10. newly wed couple who have their first time! taehyung & his cute android husband go on their honeymoon trip! yoongi watches 240 hours worth of pornography under the tag   to make sure he gives his husband the best blowjob he's ever received.
9. marriages that are business deals! a regency romance where either of them must marry the other to raise their standing in society.
8. loveless marriages! or so they think! where taehyung & yoongi are forced to face their feelings when they find themselves locked inside the cleaning closet in their son's school during a parent teacher meet.
7. dead husband au where yoongi attempts to resurrect his dead husband but the creature that rises from the ashes is nothing like the taehyung he knew.
6. woke up married! in vegas? in the fairy realm? in the demon realm? sailor yoongi who was manipulated into marriage by taehyung who’s a siren?
5. promised to each other from birth au! where taehyung & yoongi have written letters to each other since they were children up until their wedding, except when they finally meet each other, neither of them are like what the other expected.
4. the world is about to end and taegi decide to get married before they die.
3. accidental proposals? drunken proposals? fake proposals? failed proposals? yoongi deliberately sabotaging taehyung’s attempts at proposing because he wants to be the one to do it first?
use your powers and get somebody to write it please
you're adorable, i needed this. thank you 😂
i love your art 😭😭😭
let's talk in the dms lol. i have no idea if we're talking about the same person
hange :| she was the only good thing in that anime for me. i'm done with this show now
i'm talking about the manga 😭 i know who dies in the anime
no never mind i just checked on my characters after replying to your tweet and my favourite character is dead. i am dropping this show.
check your dms :<
they had one decent character (aside from jean) and you know what? i am not going to voluntarily take this hurt. i am dropping this show
no fucking way. i am not watching this show
my favourite character in attack on titan dies what the fuck
i just saw!! it's been pushed back by a week because of new year nooooooo. also i haven't been keeping up with the manga updates. i check it occasionally to know if any of my favourite characters are dead yet lmao, but i stopped reading when levi "died"
hello taegi, what alternate universe is this
i can't even express the joy i felt after reading this. like just the first one was a punch to the gut.
no no that's the logical way to go about it but i don't use earphones or headphones because for some reason my ears get infected very easily. i prefer to listen to everything on speakers :/
it is honestly. but eventually you just want to finish the damn fic so you stop laughing and actually get to fixing the errors lol. i only do this at night though when chances of people popping into my room uninvited are low.
go away
thank you for your support, annie
here you go! it's really good!
my third time reading this fic and i'm still giggling
this is the cutest thing ever ✨✨✨✨
19. secretly married! where even the two of them don't know they're married. suga undefined taehyung are husbands of five years. neither of them know the other's identity.
i am bad at witty names!!! the only thoughts i have are "winter bear cubs" or "moonchildren" but idk :| you can definitely come up with something better
18. fiancés! shy fiancés! fake fiancés! angry & angsty fiancés! fiancés who are hiding horrifying secrets!
17. pretend husbands! where yoongi wants to avenge his husband's death and kill the military higher-ups involved, even if that means summoning a demon and letting it possess his husband's corpse.
but it wasn't my kind of thing so i gave up lol. but i love your writing and i'd love to read if you wrote something inspired by this premise.
i was going to write a version of it myself where yoongi is being forced to marry a mob boss, but he runs away in the middle of the ceremony, sets fire to the whole thing, runs up to the first car he sees and screams at the driver to drive, not realising it's his ex.
16. everyone thinks we hate each other but we're actually married au! where professors kim taehyung & min yoongi are known to hate each other until students see taehyung drop off yoongi's coffee to him at the lecture hall and press a kiss to his cheek.
i have plenty more that i didn't have the time to add yesterday. i'll do it now
i would love to see something like this in your writing aaaaah
omg???
our combined powers worked 😂
ohhh so maybe tae & yoongi come from very troubled times. vampires and humans coexisting without prejudice is recent. taehyung loves children but they can't have any and laws still prohibit vampires from adopting. so after a lot of thought, they open a daycare
omg yes how could i forget!! your tae has a foot fetish! lovely. we must unite in these dire times.
i will have to go live with the victorian men i suppose
taehyung kissing yoongi's slim ankles and arch of his feet...you can't tell me people don't like it.
is ankle fetish a thing? taehyung in my fic has it. because i have it. and i'm projecting because i can do whatever the fuck i like.
thank me after i'm done because it's looking very difficult right now 😭
the fic is for you lol. i hope you like it!! if all goes well, i'll hopefully finish it in an hour!
😂😂😂😂
shit gets buried on this app and you promote so people in different timezones can see it? so those who might've forgotten it are reminded of it? or somebody may want to reread it? this is like asking movie theatres why they screen a movie multiple times
excuse me? it's our work, we can do as we please! we put in the effort and if it bothers them, they can just idk unfollow? block? this is so stupid, i'm sorry you received a message like this.
writing is never fun. who began spreading this slander
writing is never fun. it's all a lie.
i've been stuck on one scene for the past two days. i really hope i can finish it today and post the fic today :/
chosen and choosing. reciprocated feelings that he doesn't have to fight for...taehyung my silly baby. i want to squish him and poke his cheeks. he's so loveable.
🥰🥰🥰
yes i saw hoseok's ankles one day and i haven't been the same since
thank you!!! husbands kissing ankles is my new favourite thing to write!! i hope you like it!
i hope you enjoy it!!!
😂😂😂 yes that is the only trope i know how to write
i hope you liked it! ☺️
yes!! definitely! i hope you like it!
i hope you like it 🥰🥰
i'm nervous. i did this radical thing called posting without proofreading. lets cross fingers.
this is for   who indulged my silly prompt. i hope you like it!! 🌼🌼🌼
vanilla sweetheart ↳ taegi, explicit (7k)  • chaebol heirs • arranged marriage • husbands to lovers • confessions  they've been married for a year when taehyung kisses yoongi for the first time.  →
i'll proofread tomorrow. fuck it
this doesn't depend on how much i listen to them but just how much i appreciate them;; never mind, boyz with fun, 2!3!, baepsae, spring day
happy birthday hanna~ have an amazing day precious :)))))))))))))
it wasn't a thought i entertained myself until recently, but pretty dainty ankles make me !!!!!!!!
thank you love!! i'm glad you liked it!! i cringed a lot while writing it lol, but if you liked it, it makes it worth it
aaaaa i hope you like it!!
honestly i'm surprised too. i didn't expect my silly obsession to go this long. i wonder how long it'll last though...
thank you!! 💛💛💛💛
i wrecked my sleeping cycle because of this too 😂 but i hope you slept (are sleeping) well!
thank you so much!!! ✨✨
thank you!!! i'm excited for you to read it too!!
hope you enjoyed reading it 🥺🥺
i hope you like it!
your comment made me smile so hard!! thank you so much!! you have no idea how many times i'm going to reread it!!
i hope you like it! whenever you get the time to read it 🥰
😂😂😂 don't be so loud. it's all i can write
lmao i love your brain
your arms are thick now...okay yoongi
take your time!! i hope you're able to enjoy it when you read it :>
i should put my new fic as the pinned tweet but i'm too attached to my zombie fic :< it's my favourite work by me. don't know if i'll ever write anything better
what happened to your taegi make it right fic if u don’t mind me asking? 🥺 — hello! no it's alright! i talked about it here before!
thank you so much!!! i hope you like this one too! 🌼🌼🌼
i hope you enjoy it!!
i feel like i have one story and i put different hats on it and pretend they're all different 😂 i hope you like it though!
thank you for your sweet words 🥺 i am so happy the story managed to convey that feeling! i'm really happy you liked it!! 💛
😂😂😂 thank you!
thank you!!!! 💛💛💛
i hope you like it!! and i hope you have a nice day ☺️
yes it came out of nowhere. i don't know why. i hope you like it though 💛💛💛
wow i feel like a baby
here you go!
yes that was so good!!
i love you so much 💛
"slapped me and called me single" 😂😂😂 i can't stop laughing
aaah i'll look forward to it!
thank you!!
please fill this form to help us understand how we can improve the taegi fic bot. it will take very little of your time.
thank you!!!! 🌼🌼🌼
aaaaaah i'm excited for you to read it too
ahh that would be ideal except i'm really fucking strange. i have a tendency to lock away my fics once i start hating them and threads are hard because you delete one tweet and the entire thing breaks. i put my fics in my moments & pin my fav fic :/
thank you!! 🥺 your comment made me giggle lol
hope you like it!!! 🌼
we do too. don't worry i have enough ideas to keep me going for a long time!
i'm a little emotional so here's a sappy rant: thank you everybody who interacted with me on twitter. even though we don't know each other, you really made me smile and feel seen and touched throughout this year and it was a really tough time for me despite the pandemic,
yes! it won't appear in your works either. if you want to view it yourself, you can either visit the collection or go to your "statistics" page
just wanna say that your make it right fic has the best story and smut scene 😭 thank you for writing it!! — thank you!!! i'm sorry, but i hope i can polish it and put it back on my ao3 when i'm not so critical of my writing…
hello! if you don't mind me asking could you tell me the procedure of hiding fics in mystery works? i want to put… — hello! no problem! i explain it in my tweet here:
after making the collection, you can add as many fics to it. scroll down to the bottom of the fic where you have the kudos/bookmark options. you'll see the "add to collections" button there as well. type in your collection name and you're done!
someone asked me how to hide works on ao3 so here's a quick guide: you'll see "collections" on the sidebar to your left. once you're there, click on "new collection". you'll be prompted to name your collection etc. scroll down to the preferences and check the "unrevealed" option.
oh...this is so gorgeous 😳 it's so pretty, thank you so much for sharing it with us!
these are gorgeous!!! the last one broke my heart 😭😭😭
my entire life feels like a lie
thank you? not sure if i should be happy you cried, but i'm happy that it was able to evoke strong emotions in you. i hope it was enjoyable regardless! thank you for reading! 🌼
of course 😂 you wouldn't be you if you didn't do that
i'm glad you liked them!!
or you could start a heavy plot-intensive fic and distract your mind? or watch mindless videos on youtube? sorry i don't know if that helps :< you can always dm me if you're scared. i can talk to you if that makes you feel better
i always hear strange loud noises outside my room at night. i usually play bts hype songs to drown them out, esp tear. it really helps lol.
nooooooooo
that doesn't help... but i was 20 myself. so i was a baby too. idk i'll just have to live with this knowledge
it's the truth 😭 your stories make me so happy, thank you so much!
thank you!!!! 🌼🌼🌼
thank you!!! i'm really happy to hear that!! even if i'm sad, knowing that my words can cheer up somebody else makes me happy 💛 thank you
thank you!! i'm doing much better!! but i hope the next year is kind on us all, we all could use that :<
i can't wait!!!!!! ✨✨✨✨
...i feel like a predator. great.
i guess i'll have to keep writing more married taegi then 😂 but i'm glad i could help you and make you happy!! i hope you have a wonderful year ahead 🌼🌼
thank you!! 💛💛💛
i love you too 🌼🌼
i love you too!! you're my oldest friend here, i feel like i've known you since we were kids lol.
i hope everybody has a wonderful year ahead! please take care and be kinder to yourself! i love you 💛
aaah there's so many people i'm thankful for!! everybody who left comments on my fics, please know that your words are what i read each time i'm down. and everyone who interacts with my tweets, you all make coming on this app worthwhile. thank you so much!
you're seriously my favourite author ever! reading your stories got me through this year. you're so terrifyingly talented and inspiring! thank you for interacting with me and just talking to me! that enough makes me really happy
honestly i didn't even take the bot project seriously until you two offered to help. i felt like i hadn't accomplished anything this year but working on this project with you two made me feel so much happier. i'm really grateful to you both! thank you!
you're so adorable. thank you for indulging me every time. you were one of my first friends here and you're very special to me. you're the reason i started writing seriously. thank you for everything you've done for me.
i love you so much. our chat was basically my vent for everything. you made me feel safe and seen, and i can't even tell you how grateful i am for that.
and fic authors whose works basically kept me going this year. i'm pretty sure i only got through each day by looking forward to your updates. and all the talented artists, editors, mutuals, the few friends i made here, thank you. you really made living bearable.
it was a year i lost a lot of my self-esteem and felt threatened in my own house, so this space was my escape. and i want to thank everybody who brought me joy: people who read & interacted with my works, my tweets and aus, indulged my silly obsession with married taegi,
💛💛💛💛
please break character once in a while 😂
thank you!! and same to you!! i'm sure your next year will be wonderful! 💛💛💛
thank you but i'm not 😭 believe me, if you'll spend even a minute talking to me in the dms, you'll know the truth
i can always count on you to insult me under every tweet 😂
i'm not 😂 but yes, don't be intimidated by me. i honestly don't deserve it.
really??? huh. that's unexpected
😂😂😂
the only thing i'll be taking with me to the next year
doubtful.
am i intimidating?
thank you so much for your kind words 🥺
please go away
asdfgbhnjm, forget about that
this conversation has turned really fucking strange. i'm going to go to sleep and pretend it didn't happen
then behave and stop insinuating romantic feelings between us
thank you!!! i'm really happy to know i could help in any way! i hope your family is doing well now! i'm sure the next year will be better for us both! 💛
go away before i block you
the trope is childhood friends to lovers. please don't make me feel worse about this
yes i remember that fic! the abo template really needs some subversion 😭
we definitely need more beta/beta fics :undefined omega/beta too.
i found it i can't believe it. it's actually beta/omega, but i just reread it and it's really cute
you know what? same. i was just thinking of that. i think it was set in a cafeteria? i think? i recall it very vaguely
i don't know 😂😂 but you already know i must make it angsty
i did have the plot of your giveaway fic planned, but wait i can definitely do this. i'm just thinking about how i can make it dystopian lol. something like hunger games
my brain's already whirring back to life
oh
or or hear me out: alpha tae/alpha yoongi 🥺
time to start working on my next fic! i have ten more days left of my break, i really hope to get a lot of writing done.
thank you!! you're all very sweet 🌼
💛💛💛💛 same to you!! i hope this new year is amazing for you!
i've learnt so many things too!! thank you for being here through all of my mental breakdowns lol. i love you 💛
thank you 🥺
i wish i could do those selfie recaps but i literally only clicked these two photos in the entire year.
i actually did tear up while writing that thread. by the time i was writing to you, i couldn't even see the screen lol. but i meant what i said. thank you so much ☺️
whaat
what are you talking about 😂 you're the sweetest person on this app
(jinmin, android au)   (hopekook, single parent kook)
the story just gets better and better with each chapter!! it's so unpredictable and funny and thrilling at the same time. i can't wait for the next update!!!
oh no :undefined can't really change that. they want to consume the content without having to wait. please don't think the fic is bad, it's so so good and unique!!!!
stop it d:
there's only one fic with omega/omega taegi :<
send mee
i'm really sorry 😅 somebody needs to analyse these dreams and tell me wtf is wrong with my mind
let's not even enter whatever the fuck happened in the rest of the dream 😂 can't believe you left me for a man
in another one all the taegi week admins pushed me off a plane.
is also a frequent visitor in my dreams. she, along with donald trump, barged into my house and put me on gunpoint, threatening me to pay for her proofreading services.
thank you!!!!
i'm sorry 😂😂😂
seems like you've got quite a few votes for this! 😂
😂😂😂 thank you i hope so too!
that's the itinerary basically. let's hope i am able to post them before i die.
then i have a giveaway fic for aileron which might be an angsty time loop fic or married on a reality tv show trope. and then there's two tropes i really want to write: hunger games & lonely grim reaper gets a mail order husband.
my next one, if all goes well, is a historical fantasy/revenge fic. after that i have two more ideas: a medical horror/thriller fic & a post-apocalyptic pirate au. god knows when i'll write them.
go touch some grass. get some air and sun. get off twitter. we're all real people writing stories for free. you all seem to forget that.
it's not enough to say: write for yourself. don't care about stats. seriously i'm so tired. aren't you tired? we're living through an pandemic and you still find it in yourself to go through the effort of digging out someone's cc and sending unnecessary negativity to them.
i have so much to say about this but i'm so tired. i'll just say one thing: go and create content. learn and live that process. realise for yourself how much effort it takes. if you've ever put effort to create something, you'll know it's natural to want appreciation.
so they're whining about us being whiny? i see how it is.
please why would you reread this fic 😭 don't do it. it only brings pain
if it means anything, my next fic is sort of similar in the way that it's a historical fantasy as well. it's got royalty and supernatural beings as well so you can look forward to that instead!! 💛💛💛
hello!! omg thank you for your kind words. i am really sorry, i just have a lot of insecurities tied to that fic, but it means a lot to me that you remember it and came here to share your thoughts with me!
no you're adorable!!! it's really cute, it made me smile 🌼
thank you for this cute reaction thread!! it was really fun to read ☺️
😂😂😂
i agree. i think if readers get into it, they'd like it, but new worlds are difficult to enter and adapt to, so it's not like people don't like new worlds/au's. they're just not instantly appealing to them at first.
ah yes i agree. and i don't understand it at all?? 😭 i both love reading and writing plot-heavy stories. what else is there to read in a fic if you don't like the plot 😭
how am i the only one who sees your shitposts. i didn't ask for this
ohmygod
mine is swivel!!!! and a lot more probably but this one is a menace
thank you so much!!!! 🥺 this is very sweet of you. i'm really happy my writing brings you comfort, and i hope you have a wonderful year yourself!!! thank you for your kind words!!
honestly i don't know either because these two are my favourite fics from you! aeons, i can understand because war isn't a popular trope in the fandom, but fake dating is. give it some time, i'm sure it'll get better!
this is so adorable i cannot take it 😭😭😭😭
thank you so much!!!! i'm so happy you liked it, but please don't cry :undefined i hope you're feeling better now!
omg thank you i thought it was a twitter au but a whole 7k fic!!!! give me a few minutes, i'll scream with you!
hp au??? please guide me to this 🥺
oh no 🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺
good morning indeed 🌼🌼🌼
exactly 😔
enough negativity. go read this gorgeous fic instead!!!
this discourse begins once every month at least. i'm so tired of it
i didn't see this brave anon's message before. i'm so sorry :< please ignore them.
"quit bitching about it"??? anon you better not fucking touch a fanwork in your life again.
here's some smiley taegi instead
anyway i'm sick of going on the same tirade about content creators every month
dead
bb why did u ever get up
yess
best thing i've seen all day omg
thank you!!! this was very nice to read 🌼🌼🌼
true. i feel stupid when i cry, like i shouldn't be crying at this age. but that's such a toxic mindset as well? like you have many more reasons to cry as you grow older. it's so stupid, can't i just choose to opt out of emotions?
thank you!! i am much better already! i'm just wondering what happened to the "emotional maturity" i was supposed to gain according to all the adults. feel like i missed out on that.
staying at home has broken whatever cap i had on my emotions. i've become so volatile and i'm sick of everybody.
we're supposed to cry lesser as we grow older??? what lie is this. all i do these days is cry. i've cried fourteen times already in the past two weeks. ten of those times was on the same day.
thank you!!! 🌼 you're very sweet!
but fic wise: i want to post my marriage pact au & a resurrection/medical horror au this year. like as two big fics. smaller ones in the middle would be inevitable because my brain is easily distracted.
actually i don't even want most of those things. i don't know. year goals are hard. i just want to be a more confident person and gain more knowledge about things.
goals for life otherwise: study more about human evolution, big history & biology, finish the first chapter of the taegi marriage pact au, flesh out the resurrection au in more detail, work out more, put more effort into keeping friendships, stop being ashamed of stupid things
goals for the taegi fic bot before my break ends: - polish database - learn to integrate node.js with firebase - deploy data to firebase - parse data from firebase, else import to nedb database - write submit feature for mods - allow for more specific queries
i miss them :<
thank you!! this is very sweet to hear ☺️
that caught me by surprise too! the amount of people who believed that tae was lying, i didn't expect that at all. i'm so happy though!! that you were as confused about the situation as yoongi and that the plot twists caught you by surprise too!!
thank you so much 🥺
i love your name!! it's like my phone buzzes with a notification, and my mom is like "who is that? who texts you?" and i say "it's pweeee~"
🥺🌼🌼🌼
my aim this year is to write another horror/thriller that i can be proud of.
i just finished rereading and editing this fic, and if there's one thing i'm proud of creating this year, it's this story. thank you everybody who read it and shared their thoughts with me! it means a lot to me!!
nooooo it's like, coding has different languages for different purposes. so python is a language i don't know. it's hard to learn a different language. i mostly code in a language called javascript.
yeah i suppose. i looked at their repository but it's written in python and i don't know shit about python so :/
i joined the fanfic programmers discord and wow i had no idea this niche was so big. i feel tiny and intimidated. everybody has these cool projects they're working on. and yes one of them is an ao3 wrapped feature.
hey mango, i see you've been reading disillusioned's works! have you perhaps read orange-vodka mixed yet?? i was … — helloo and yes!! i have been reading their writing recently! i loved their "what is two months to two years?" …
i did not know this was a thing but i'm intrigued
thank you for writing this gorgeous fic! i read it again after leaving my comment and i'm that meme at the moment. the [vibrating] i love you a normal amount, that meme. i am it.
i read this fic for the third time today!! and it's so so good. i never knew i needed a simp yoongi / needy tae dynamic but now that i've got it, i've become feral.
thank you!! i definitely feel you! and it's definitely better to know that i'm not alone. thank you, it felt reassuring to read your thoughts as well! 🌼
...of course that's...exactly what i meant 🗿
omg that's a horror au. you know i'm always down for that!!!
that makes sense. might just go into corporate for this reason alone. i have had enough of feelings.
in a month :undefined and i am not prepared. i haven't blown dust off the wip i was supposed to post for it
i passed my bachelors but i went for masters straight after instead of working. so i suppose i'll have to wait until i have a job :/
i am not ready
taegi week is here,,,,
fuck
thank you!!! it's nothing big, just me the side effects of staying at home for so long especially since i moved out of my house when i was nine. we've never stayed together for so long so it's new for everyone :<
i don't even have words to describe this fic. it was all kinds of heart wrenching and heart warming.
thank you 🥰🥰🥰
okay i can clearly see what's the popular choice 😅 didn't think the difference would be this abysmal
😂😂😂
yeah i realised :< i love the fic but i suppose medical horror isn't everybody's cup of tea
wait i just realised i'm not following you????? how?
i have two ideas for my taegi week fic. i will post them both eventually, but i need to focus only on one so i can finish it on time. please help me choose one :<
i can't choose between them :<
why am i being ambitious and trying to write two fics for taegi week when i know i won't be able to finish even one
why do they always paint intjs like that!! i am a baby too :<
what's the point of blocking accounts if twitter is going to show me tweets of mutuals interacting with them
they were so cute & funny. these two episodes were very sweet to watch. i love how they all forgot it was a competition by the end of it.
i didn't either!! but there seem to be quite a lot of people involved in it. i'm pretty new to it myself so i'll just stay on the sidelines and watch everybody.
thank you. i'm still dabbling in it but i hope to get better :< programming is still very intimidating
but i feel you. i feel like this too often. hell i'm feeling like this right now :< in the discord server
i know right!!! i'm going to write it regardless!! 😤
no i will never ignore you!! this prompt will float in my mind until i flesh out a full plot out of it! and as for finding my writing, you'll always find all of it in my moments!!
what the fuck
thank you!! i've fortunately been spared from them for some time. but i've had my own share of them in the past and it made me wonder if the platform was even worth keeping. but positive comments help reinforce my decision to keep it up! thank you for your kind words!! 🌼🌼🌼
yes!! it was me mashing together everything i love but don't see often in fics and baking something out of it. i do plan to write it regardless!! even if it's not for taegi week! thank you for showing your enthusiasm for it though!!!
noooo don't remind me :undefined i love this setting so much, but i cannot afford to get distracted anymore. i need to write what i am writing. i swear if i take on one more thing, i would crumble
thank you!!! i'm glad somebody likes the second one!! 😭
this is so interesting. i'd flirt with my persephone yoongi, i think.
i've been conflicted about keeping my cc open for quite some time now, given how obviously it's abused by haters, but having received the last cc, i'm so glad i kept it up!
hello mango! i like both of your fic ideas. both brilliant and interesting. on one hand, im a sucker for thriller… — i do prefer mango because it's cuter, but both of those are okay! mya is a shortened version of my real name, but…
woah mango you’re amazing, i can literally see all the effort you must’ve put (and are still putting) into the… — thank you so much!! i'm trying to finish all the things i love in this week (writing, reading, coding, etc) before …
this was so sweet and warm and all things lovely!!
it's okay!! i'll post both eventually 😅
we dipped this year??? noooo
same 😔
oh that does make sense! the second one definitely slower in terms of taegi's relationship
honestly they both are pretty equal in terms of how horrific and violent they are. the second fic's summary is just more upfront about it 😅 but thank you! i love them both so i'll be posting both eventually
i want to revolt and post that one instead because no one's voting for her and her feelings might get hurt :undefined
thank you for the rec love
they're the hardest to write lmao. but i'd love to write them in an action fic!! two strangers accidentally caught up in a bad situation kind of fic!
omg i love those two too!!! i'm just waiting for my married taegi obsession to run out before i begin to even think about writing for other pairings!! 2seok is going to be so hard though fuck.
i won't lie, i teared up yesterday when i was trying to write taehyung's letter to yoongi :<
i love doing   even though they serve no purpose to me. i just like choosing the one or two paragraphs i'm happy with and posting them here with no context whatsoever.
have you read this yoonkook?? it's really good!
ahhh i love namgi too!! i love reading them but i'm not quite confident about capturing their dynamic 😅 they're pretty popular too and i was considering writing for ships that don't have a lot of content, like hobi ships :< but idk i'm pretty attached to taegi as of now
i read this vhope last night and it was really sweet!!
thank you!!! this was such a sweet message to read!! i love you 🌼🌼
oh no this is so pretty 🌼🌼🌼🌼
😂😂😂
honestly calling any ship in bts rare feels weird because they're all all over each other all the time. but content wise, some pairings could definitely use the boost. but i've been with taegi for so long ahhh
i started writing because i wanted more fic for my ship since it was small. so i only wrote for it. the taegi community is pretty big now so i don't know anymore. i am considering writing for other rarer ships, maybe taejin or vhope or 2seok?
the dystopian resurrection au is definitely going to be unusual! but i'm going to write both don't worry!
me too 😭😭😭
you're the only one i can trust!!!! i love you 🌼
thank you so much 🥺
😂😂😂
thank you!! an opinion other than my own would definitely do wonders! i'd ask you once i've written more of the story so you'll know what i am scared of
thank you!!!! 🌼🌼🌼
ah i didn't mean popularity but hate. i'm scared i might get hate, and i'm conflicted about writing this story so i'm going to sit on it for a bit
i thought of that too. but right now, i'm struggling to write it myself, and if i'm struggling to write it, i can't imagine anybody reading it either :< i'll actually come back to it and see if i feel differently tomorrow. but thank you so much! i'll dm you if i go ahead with it!
i'm sorry 😭😭😭
this thread pretty much explains what i feel. if you don't agree with it, kindly unfollow/block me and don't read my stories.
just delete these messages. don't engage with them please. don't give their hate a platform. i'm sorry you've been receiving these kinds of comments lately
i'm so tired of this discourse. i just don't understand how us promoting / asking for engagement feels like an attack to them? why do they feel so enraged or offended? we just ask for kindness and a few words, a minuscule of the words they read? is that so outrageous?
thank you!!!
😂😂😂
thank you!! 🌼🌼
thank you!!!!! ✨✨✨
anyway. good night people. here's my favorite photo on this app.
thank you!!! 🌼🌼🌼
i also find it hard to read when i'm insecure of my own writing. sometimes i keep comparing the author's writing style to mine. those times i pick a really plot-heavy story where i can get lost in the plot undefined
oh nooo :undefined it's alright, you can always come back to it. i'm not sure i can relate, but i too have times when i cannot read a thing. not as long as two years though. maybe you can try reading non-fiction or audiobooks? podcasts? manga? something other than fics
i'm not going to be active for the next couple of days. i've been pretty out of the twitter sphere already, but my examinations begin tomorrow so i'm going to be even more erratic :/
i have only one day left of my break :< if anybody has recs belonging to this category of fics, please send them to me
this is the perfect prompt!!
thank you so much 🥺
i love this !!!!!
thank you!! 🌼🌼🌼
i'm kinda...getting there. i think
you will love it!! it's so good
queen's gambit was really good! if you haven't seen that yet. it's pretty short too
please ignore the spam. i'm trying to debug the taegi fic bot before i deploy a new feature.
it's been in my marked for later for so long 😭😭 thank you, i'm going to read it today!!
this looks so good!!! thank you!
oh i've read this!!!
thank you!!!
thank you 🥺🥺🥺
thank you!! 🌼🌼
thank you!!! 🌼
thank you ✨✨✨
thank you!! 😂😂
om=h my god it finally worked!!
testing   submit
okay i think everything works now. i'm not going to check though. i've had enough of it.
i don't know what i did to deserve this but thank you 😭😭😭
how dare you just toss this at me and walk away?????????
whaaaaaaaaaat
thank you!!!
i relate to this selca truly at this moment
why did i push this right to the very last day. i don't have enough time now to fix everything :-:
spoke too soon
database
database
no no, it's an error lol. the fics have somehow doubled in the database. i'm fixing that right now :<
great. everything works. i'm sorry to everybody who had to see me spam the bot d:
testing   database
fetus yoonseok everywhere
fluff
always smile my fluff, even if you have bad days there'll always be something to smile for. happy birthday!!!
sope sope sope
i'm going to read this one tonight!
i'll have to read more fics i suppose
submit
looks like i have submit
have i already entered these into the database? submit
submit
submit
i'm sorry, the bot only recommends works from ao3 at the moment :<
i'm so sorry 😭 while i do want to write it, i don't really know where to take the plot. in my head i imagined taehyung helping yoongi run away, but i don't know what'll happen after that
🥺🥺🥺 thank you, i love you
thank you so much!!! i'm so happy you enjoyed it!! i love thrillers as well and science fiction, and there are little of those fics in the fandom so i really wanted to write this kind of a fic! thank you for reading, and i hope you have a wonderful day today!!
recommend tags (slow dancing)
just the link is enough! you'd be tweeting to the bot like this too. basically the same format i've used in my own tweet. "@/taegificbot submit {link}"
ah so we're working towards that. right now the feature is only available to the mods. but we plan to open it for everybody soon, once we figure out how to make sure people don't submit fics that contain themes like pedophilia/incest/noncon etc.
thank you sweetheart, you've worked hard today! 🌼
submit
it's so beautiful. everybody please read it.   submit
reading this taegi fic ironically titled "wipe your tears" except i've just been crying the entire time and i haven't even finish the first chapter
submit
yes! at the bottom left, check the box that says "private bookmark"
thank you!!! if you want to read yet another long jinkook, this one is my favourite!
😂😂😂 it's cute most of the time. yours are harmless don't worry. if you do want to hide them though, you can make your bookmarks private
please share 🥺
congratulations!!! 🎉
happy birthday!!! 🌼🌼🌼🌼 i hope you have a wonderful day and year ahead love
it fits way too well
i usually try to find songs that fit the vibe of the fic and pick a lyric from there. or just pick something from the fic. but don't fret too much about it, the title isn't be all end all. by the end of it, it's your content that matters.
i'm supposed to be in the middle of my exam, but i saw the paper, laughed, and logged onto twitter instead
!!!!!!!!
but there's so many things i love. gladiator fights!! sharing a horse!! lovers taking arrows for each other!! debutante balls! court politics! marriages foretold by the gods!
so many things, but you know when they're sword fighting and one of them lifts the other's chin with the blade and they gaze at each other with the sexual tension to fuel a country?
i was reminded of a fic that has a similar plot in case you want to check it out!
a worthy addition to my married taegi exhibit thread
the original tweet:
i haven't read many taegi fics with this dynamic hmm. time to change that i suppose.
look away 😂
i do that too, and it helps to have my laptop read the fic back to me. i find it easier to spot errors like that. unless it's smut and you can't hear anything over the roaring embarrassment in your ears when your laptop says "bobbed up and down his cock" in the most deadpan voice
i'm glad my misery brings you amusement 😂
please look away 😂 i was 17 or 18? i think? and i'd just gotten access to internet
reading this thread again. it brings me much joy
how do you always manage to see my tweets in their very brief lifespan? i deleted the first time bc i didn't include the trigger warning, but then i realised i was talking about a story that romanticises something very horrible so i deleted it :/
a confession: before ao3 (when i was on livejournal & dreamwidth) i wasn't familiar with fandom jargon. i took part in my first fic exchange and was given the prompt "slow burn," and i wrote a story about literally burning to death, very slowly.
yes!!!
you could find email ids of the professors who teach the courses you're curious about and write to them, asking them for help or clarity or just more references. doesn't hurt to try. worst case, they won't reply. which won't affect you.
hoseok it's been 6 minutes
if it helps at all, that is literally me! i wanted to do my masters abroad but it was so overwhelming and daunting, but then the covid happened so i had to apply in my country :/ i want to try again later but it's so expensive i cry just at the thought of it
did i ghostwrite this tweet
😂😂😂
this is so amazing i can't stop watching it!!;!
which one??? please send me the link 🥺
omg i remember this fic!!! it's been so long!!! thank you so much!!
excuse me???? that is me!! i am the one who combusts. you're the big brain with all your unhinged tweets about wolves.
i just reread my tweet and my english 😭😭😭 i haven't slept the entire night, please ignore me
you caused this 😭
how did you know??? i was literally in the middle of typing it 😭
a friend and i was having a discussion on the trope and i was like wait i have something for you
idk what i'm saying. but if you've watched naruto & nura: rise of the yokai clan, you get the imagery.
yoongi's drinking sake, lounging back and watching taehyung with lidded eyes, and taehyung grins at him wickedly, pointed teeth gleaming in the yellow light of the lamp.
set in a historical japanese yokai fantasy world? idk i'm just imagining taegi lounging in an inn at night in a yukata that parts in the middle and reveals chest.
taegi as hidan & kakuzu?? yoongi is kakuzu, and tae is hidan. they're immortal monsters / mercenaries who walk the earth and kill people for money. well yoongi does it for the money. taehyung just tags along and calls it their honeymoon even though they've been married for eons.
ok i'm invested now. basically yoongi is in it for the money. tae finds it fun. tae still calls it their honeymoon even though they've been together for eons. i'm imagining a historical japanese yokai kind of setting?
oh that's sweet. my ideas were a lot more extreme lol 😂 i was imagining taegi as very old and powerful curses in human form? they're mercenaries and accept jobs to kill people for money (kinda like a kakuzu & hidan vibe?) and they're married of course.
in 2022 maybe 😂 because as far as i can see i'm fully booked this year. but i really want moronic taegi!!! imagine the possibilities!!
i always thought they have the naruto/sasuke vibe you know? but this is so much better!!! i shall call it the married immortal bastards au!
you're making some valid points
that does make me feel better thank you 😂 we're both in this together
i was thinking jinmin! they both have that wretched bastard vibe!
i need this to exist. like right now 😭
please 😂😂😂
i haven't either!! i always thought of taegi having the sasuke/naruto dynamic, but this one is perfect!! it fits them so well, i need it to exist immediately 😭
please they'd be perfect!! i didn't think of it before, but now that i have, the dynamic suits them so much!!!
please. i'm embarrassing and try to convert it into confidence by posting it publicly like this 😭
which reminds me   weren't you writing smut in the car next to your father 😂
please 😭 i'm just eyeing the door to my bedroom the entire time in case my brother decides to pay me a surprise visit. and he has many times. i slam down the mute button so hard each time, it's not going to last very long.
i don't know why i didn't just google it. i remember the prompt was actually "violent desires meeting violent ends" and the prompter requested angst & slow burn. and so my brain came to its own conclusions.
please 😂 i'm sure it's in the void of the internet somewhere but i'm not going to be the one to dig it out
why do my embarrassing tweets get all the traction 😂
thank you so much!!! i'll read it!!
please i have too many wips right now 😂 i'll try next year
and yes, marry me please 💛
i am a huge fan of naruto!!! obviously!! and i have seen bits and pieces of nurarihyon no mago. i really like the setting!! like the night parade of 100 demons! it's such a cool plot, i want to write a fic on it 😭
oh my god this is so cute!! i tweeted that at like 6am and passed out right after. i didn't think anybody would do this, thank you so much!! it's perfect!!
aaaaaaaa thank you!!! i will read it!!!
they are!!!
please don't laugh. i think i died a little inside while writing japanese(?) is that japanese?
i love elephants so much!!!! thank you 🥺 and yes, a very accurate bio
she's adorable!!!!!! and i loved writing your bio 😂
i'm bored and kind of irritated after reading about fanfiction being equated to sexual assault. so please reply with a photo of your favourite animal, and in return i'll write your bio in my handwriting!
sorry
omg yes!!! it was the best shoujo manga and i can't believe i'm living in the era it finally became an anime.
why would you do that... watch one outs instead!!!! it's a really good anime about baseball & gambling and the mc is really cool
hi! i love your works, your silence is my favorite sound used to be my absolutely favorite fic, and i'm here with… — hello, first of all, thank you for writing to me in such detail. i've been pretty busy and didn't hear about this…
not exactly "enemies" but well you'll see! it's really good!
medical horror au where taehyung dies and yoongi resurrects him. i want to post it for taegi week if i can.
i'm...neither of those things. i am not from a science background lol. but i'm glad you're excited!! i just hope you aren't terribly disappointed 😅
i don't even know where i'm going with this fic. it's going to be my nerdiest work
vmon are arguing for and against the existence of souls in my medical horror fic, and i didn't ever imagine i'd be explaining quantum mechanics in a fic 😂
it's buried somewhere please don't ask me, even i don't know where it is now 😂 besides it was for a different fandom, not bts.
yes!!!
this is so cute 😭 and that slit in his dress is taking me out
oh noooooooooooo this is so cute thank you for giving me a reason to live too
owls omg!!!! they're so small and cute and terrifying, i love them!
i love koalas!!!!
flamingos are cool!!!! and omg that's so cute. i want to pet a flamingo now :<
omg i do not know about them!!!!!! time to learn!!!!
adorable!!!!
no they don't!!! they're just tsundere
omygod that's so fucking cool i'm going to read more about it!!! thank you for telling me about this!
ok no more, i've been sitting and writing bios for an hour now 😂 but please feel free to send more animals!!! there can never be enough!! personally i love donkeys!!!
adorable!!!!!!
omg i love it!!! thank you 🌼🌼🌼
he's so cute 🌼🌼🌼
she's precious 🥺 thank you!!!
he's so adorable!!! and omg your bio made me laugh 😂 loved writing it thank you
i'm sorry i probably butchered the arabic 😭 but omg what animal is that??????
no please they're adorable!!! and please ignore my shoddy korean 😭
that's so cute!!!! thank you!!
the cutest!!!!!!! thank you 🥺🥺🥺🥺
thank you 🌼🌼
that's so cute nooo
!!!!!!!! that's my favorite fic
thank you so much 🥺🥺
i do remember!!! thank you!! aaaaa i'm happy you're excited for this au. but i should remind you again, i'm no med or science student so please keep your expectations very very low lol
holy hell why am i so chatty about everything i'm writing 😂 but yes it's that one. i've changed a couple of things but it's that prompt.
💛💛💛💛
it is definitely very unusual, but yes i'm kinda excited to post it! even though i know it won't get a great reception. i'm just excited to have the niche audience who likes to read science and philosophy and horror and action and angst mashed together to read it!
😭😭😭 that's so sweet but i'm afraid this one is very very weird. but i hope you'd read & enjoy it regardless. ahh i can't wait to post it!!
you're very sweet!! thank you!! i will hopefully get it out very soon!
okay!!! i'm so happy you're interested!! and yes, i haven't felt this way in so long. like i'm writing paragraphs and i'm okay with them???? in one go??? that's like unheard of
it is!!! i was losing confidence before this but then i decided to stop giving a fuck and now it's liberating!!
you are????? 😭😭😭 okay then i'm writing it for both you and me!!! yay
at this point i'm just writing for myself and i've not felt like this in so long. it's a nice feeling
the more i write of my medical horror au, the more i'm convinced nobody is going to read it 😂 and for some reason it's motivating me??? to create the most niche fic in existence
oh no i looked at it and my entire body just melted
lmao i love you, thank you!!!
thank you!!!!!
omg i just heard their sounds and i am going to combust they are adorable!!!
i watched it but i can't 😭😭😭 i'm sorry i don't know why but my entire body shivers at the sight of them
they're adorable!!
i love all animals but spiders um, idk what is it about them, i just can't 😭😭
i reconsidered a lot of things. i wanted to quite writing for this fandom, but there are a lot of works in progress that i am attached to and want to post. so i'll probably do that.
it's a recurring theme and i've finally decided to do something about it. i've had quite enough of people spreading hate about me, and i'm quite done with this platform.
so cute!!!!! 🌼 <- this is you
thank you so much!!!!! 🌼🌼🌼
omg he voiced tsukishima too!!! i love this
thank you!!! i keep checking everyday lol. i feel so nostalgic watching it
it was my favourite shoujo manga when i was small. and the animation is so good. i am so emotional seeing it finally become an anime.
when will horimiya's second episode be released :undefined
the third one is really good!! the jikook space one, i haven't read a plot as unique as that before
oh if you're craving horror, may i guide you to some of my favourite horror fics?         they'll all leave you with chills!
oh no isn't he the cutest thing ever 😭😭😭 thank you for blessing me with this!!!!
i'm sorry 😅 but thank you!!! i'm really happy to know you're interested!
i was learning about their regenerative ability and they remind me of taehyung in my zombie au 😂 yoongi gets taehyung a pet axolotls as a gift and names it "taetae" just to annoy tae
oh no i needed this 🥺 thank you
thank you 😭😭😭 that's so sweet!!
thank you 🥺
😂😂😂 thank you!!
so cute 🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺
omg i missed you
i have to work with twitter bots for a project so might as well dip my toes into this account again. hopefully i won't regret it
coming back for a bit. not permanently, but experimentally
the hate was just the last straw, i suppose. i was okay ignoring it but it just made me realise what harm twitter had been doing to me for a while now. i am going to stay away from social media aside from the dms so you can always do that!
you're so precious!! thank you, and please dm me any time you want!! i loved interacting with you here! i hope you have a wonderful year ahead! please take care of yourself!
thank you!! it's very sweet of you!! i do hope to keep writing and return here after some time. i'm very grateful too, you're one of the few people who interacted with my tweets and made it worth coming to this app. thank you very much! 💛
thank you so much!! and nooo you've never been nothing but so terribly kind to me. thank you! it means a lot to me
thank you so much, it means a lot to me 💛
thank you!! i hope so too! social media has been more harmful than it's worth. please take care of yourself too! i hope you have a wonderful day and year ahead! 💛
please you can dm me anytime you like, even now! i'd be really happy!
you too!
thank you!! i hope so too. in this pandemic, it's almost like i've forgotten how i was without social media
thank you 💛 it means a lot!
thank you!!! this platform has just been very harmful to me in other ways even without the whole hate business. the hate was the last straw i suppose. i want to become more productive and i hope i'm able to continue writing even when i'm not here
thank you! your words made me tear up, i don't know, i guess i've been too focused on the negativity here. i hope i can come back here once i'm mentally stronger
i also hope i can continue writing while i'm away from twitter :< i don't want to lose it just because of people on this app. so hopefully i'll post my wips soon!
thank you so much!! the hate was just the last straw. social media has been detrimental to me in general so i want to see how it feels without it all.
i'm really sorry. this is new to me too. i'm going to see how it goes and maybe once i feel stronger mentally, i'll return.
i do cherish the few people i interact with on the app so if you want to talk, just dm me! i have my notifications on for that and i'd love to talk to you! i just think it's time i got off social media. it's done me enough harm.
but i'm taking a break from this app. which means   has been taken down because i can't stand the thought of people spreading hate about me benefiting from my efforts that went into creating it.
thank youu!!!!!!
me too chim
who
i am! thank you for checking in!! i hope you're having a wonderful week too!! 🌼🌼🌼
i'm still figuring out and curating my social spaces online but hopefully it'll all work out and i'll still be in the fandom and write for it :<
thank you!! i'm excited to post the second chapter too!
heyy!!! 💛
thank you!! 💛💛💛
hello i missed you too 🥺
the one good thing that's happened to me today :> hello moja
i suppose coming back was worth it lmao
of course!!! i watch each episode the day it's released 😭 it's quite sad actually
thank you!!!! you've been such a huge motivation for me to write more! 🌼🌼🌼
i feel it!! thank you!! you've been so wonderful to me in the past couple of days 💛
🥺🥺🥺 that's so sweet, i hope i am able to stay for long
hello!!!!! 🌼🌼🌼
thank you 🥺🥺🥺 i'm happy to see you too!!
time to change my pinned :< i've had my zombie fic pinned for so long
despite this cruel world ↳ taegi, explicit, ch 1: 7k  • resurrection au • medical horror • husbands to strangers to lovers • alchemy • hunger games  a week after taehyung’s death, yoongi receives a long letter from his deceased husband.
you can always dm me here! i kept in touch with people here. i don't have another account yet, but i'm considering it. i'll tell you when i make one!
hello!!! i'm so happy to see you!!!
helloo!! i missed you too :undefined
i hope you enjoy it!!!
oh that too!! honestly the entire ending of the letter makes me so sad. but the "yours" is what makes my chest hurt the most. because the taehyung who's going to wake up isn't going to be yoongi's taehyung :<
it's my current fic :>
especially because i know what's coming in the next chapters, it makes it even sadder to read
it's the "yours, taehyung" that hits me in the chest each time i reread this fic.
do it!!! it's really good!
thank you 💛💛💛💛 i love you
i feel much better now 😊 thank you, and i loved your furry fic so much!!! i need to reread it immediately for more serotonin
🥺🥺🥺
it's more uncomfortable / uneasy than scary? but of course, read only when you're comfortable! i hope you enjoy it! 🌼
i hope you like it whenever you do read it! 💛
hello!! 💛💛💛
i hope you like it!! 🌼🌼🌼
helloo 🥺💛💛
😂😂😂
hello!!! 💛💛💛💛💛💛 so nice to see you!
noooooooo this is so cute omygod
i say new as i type "husbands to lovers" in the tags
new fic idea!!! a novel feeling
happy birthday!! i hope you have a wonderful day and year ahead! here's a pretty boy for you 🌼🌼🌼🌼
please take your time and only do this if you have nothing else to do lol. but if it helps you too, there's nothing more wonderful! thank you!
this is so funny. but things change in the next chapter, i swear.
thank you!! it lives in my head rent free too :< i need to find a bigger plot for it
omg please do!! even if it doesn't concern the subject matter dealt with in the fic, i am so curious to learn it!!
it has a happy ending i promise 🥺
i already told you a lot of the story already lmao
ohmygod how have i never seen this before 😂
i hope you like it!! 😊
:<
i had to search "peonytaegi crush" to get updated on the situation lol, but i'm happy for you!!! 💛💛💛💛
ahh okay. another day on army twitter i suppose :/
okay i have no idea about this. what's happening?
i think i'm just indifferent. there's nothing to come back to? i just don't think i can go back to tweeting about taegi like before. it feels performative to me now :/
yeah i'm doing that :< i mostly just keep to the dms. nothing on the platform really interests me
i don't know what to do with this account...i came back but i can't even bring myself to care about anything on the tl. i don't really read fics and i haven't had the time to write either. the second chapter of my resurrection au would take some time. early march i believe?
i need sleep. but i have work to finish :<
no 😭 this is evidence of me being up past my bedtime
i needed this
tae kissed seokjin's cheek in yesterday's run episode
i need to watch this run episode at least 10 more times
i love taejin
he kissed him!!!!!
omygod
omg wait i'll dm you!!! i have so many thoughts about this au
i usually stay away from a/b/o verse but i'm having thoughts about alpha / alpha taegi. i don't really want the plot to be about them being alphas, and i have a wip about taegi fighting off a bunch of cannibals so maybe i'll merge the two ideas hmmmm
i am crying, this is adorable !!!
this is so pretty!!!!! 💛💛💛
thank you so much!! 💛
on a serious note, if i ever saw jimin in a dark alley, i would be terrified
🥺🥺🥺
the pied piper mating dance
that looks so good!!! i want to try it d:
proofreading my zombie au for the 37th time probably. i am positive i can recite it from memory at this point
why can't i change my banner :undefined
⚡️ “mango's fics”
⚡️ “other writing / au's / ideas” by
ahh yeah i am aware :undefined cairngorm has completely switched their personality so ugh idk i'll continue reading though
wait i'm only halfway through the manga! they destroyed my favourite character (cairngorm) and i couldn't continue further. i'll pick it up in a couple of days :<
no no it'll be completely canon divergent. i cannot and i refuse to write that scene. i'll make them gems but they'll be in a modern world! i think? i have to build a plot first lol
either way, yoongi as antarcticite is perfect. both brittle yet strong. although i can already foresee puns about their hardness score. i need to write a fic.
i'm not sure what would taehyung be?? phosphophyllite is too strange for me to consider. but they kinda suit taehyung too?? hmmm i'll hold my judgement until i reach the end of the manga
yoongi as antarcticite??? i am having thoughts. their personalities match way too much for me to ignore this possibility. i need an au immediately.
it's a lot more than i'd usually reveal, but the second chapter will take a while. and this bit explains a lot about their world and what will happen next. in case someone is actually invested in the story :>
this is the introduction to the second chapter of my medical horror au
i watched land of the lustrous & i'm now reading the manga and i'm convinced this is both the most brilliant and the most mindfucking story i've ever come across. who the fuck wrote this and what did you do
i find moments to be more organised than threads. you can manipulate moments later and don't have worry about the thread breaking
this was so unique and hilarious!! i never thought such a mix up would work but oh god it was brilliant!!!
thank you!! 🥺 i'm so happy you like it!!
finally read a taegi fic. it's been so long. but it was really nice and unique!!
he was really one of a kind! i have never seen him written like that but it suited him so well!
if i had to watch cairngorm x aechmea animated, i would stab myself in the eye
reading land of the lustrous and this shit just exceeds all expectations of the most fucked up story. i now understand why the anime won't get another season.
i feel so nostalgic. like they don't even know me but i have so many feelings inside me.
i feel like printing this tweet and pasting it on the front gate of my house
technically exactly 4 years after the last lost & found update. i feel like crying
i'm screaming!!!! my favorite author posted a fic after 3 years
you should!!! it's really really good!
ohh i just looked it up and i'll watch it thank you!!
i love this fic and i just want to gobble up jungkook and nom on him! it's illegal to be this adorable
aaah i'm glad you like it!! i took a break from my own project and saw your tweet, and it made me really happy! thank you for looking forward to this fic, i'm sorry it's taking me so long to post the next chapter :<
oh and all the characters are gender-neutral! which is amazing
it's from an anime "the land of the lustrous"!! i'm watching it currently and it's very good!!
the show is amazing! it's called land of the lustrous and it's got 12 episodes. the character design is amazing and the story is pretty unique. it's got the whole hero to anti-hero character development, you should definitely give it a try!
:dddd
this is such a soulful rendition of spring day. i didn't think it was possible to make this song sound even sadder
hands down my favourite scene in the entire anime
i made a chrome extension out of it lol. this one makes everything yoongi. now if google approves it, i should be able to deploy it for everybody to use 😂
i was playing around with bookmarklets and made one that changes all text on the webpage to jimin. i'll keep this one lol.
your dialogue was something i always loved in your fics, and this was so insightful to read. thank you!!
i cannot describe how much i love you, i can't believe you remembered my silly prompt. it was so cute, thank you so much! your writing was immaculate as always :>
i spent the entire flight plotting in my notes. might do a thread fic since it'll be dialogue-centric.
lmao
i should sleep. i have a flight tomorrow. but here i am thinking about husbands taegi playing truth or drink.
it really is! the story is very unique, and the protagonist's development into an anti-hero was very well done.
"yoongi jerks awake to the sound of taehyung’s terrifying screams, and a second later he’s being doused with cold, spine-chilling water, soaking his mattress and his nightclothes."
"there is no physical ingredient of a soul, they say, which makes human transmutation a matter of alchemical fiction."
dark gray!
horror / helplessness / husbands to lovers
i need somebody to carry me like jimin carries tete
the entire run episode was 48 minutes of them calling me single. but they're so cute i can't even get mad at them goddammit
vmin vmin vmin vmin
my heart 😭😭😭😭
the only man i'll simp for
this is so lovely, omygod thank you 💛💛💛
omg i love it!!! i just watched the latest episode and i love this!!
ohh thank you!! i'm not familiar with that! i will look into it!
this plot...wow. i need to read these stories asap.
lmao what is this. i need context
oh yes! twitter bots can do a lot of cool things! the only problem is that you'd need to apply to gain access to the twitter api and that's pretty hard to get in my experience.
i'm so bad at replying to dms. i'm sorry. i'm buried under work :<
this one. i don't think i'm ever going to forget this fic.
this is so sweet. thank you love.
thank you but lol the model is mostly coded by other people. i'm just training it on my data so i can use it for my project :> you can learn more about it here:
im sobbing
i was training a machine learning model and decided to use my fics as training data for fun. the model converts words to numbers in order to learn their meaning / context etc. but now my machine knows the meaning of "cock" and this is the best thing ever.
cute
my fav acct rn
just read ur nanny!au vhope &i cant stop screaming ur perfection and im sobbing into my pillow bc im a sap thank u for sharing this
a blessing;;
just how do biases even relate to this, bts is bts and bts means all 7 of them, you sound ridiculous
how is that even relevant lol
he looks a lil like one or am i finally blind
and men? they can never take a no. they ask and ask and ask and push and push and push and continue to count on your politeness even when they've been harassing you in front of everybody on the fucking street for 20 minutes.
i am so frustrated. why are those assigned female at birth taught to be polite in all situations? why am i unable to display my irritation even when my politeness is obviously being taken advantage of?
jetpack hyung!!!???! why is this so adorable. i have evolved into a puddle
💛💛💛
but yes i have another husbands x horror au! please act surprised
i am making graphics before i even write the fic...
i have no idea what happened in this episode
"hed so fuck yoongi" was pretty accurate in my opinion. maybe there's some hope 😂
bigger plot: taehyung, fresh out of the academy and a newly appointed auror is good at his job. sending the bad guys to azkaban, it's simple. until it's not. until tae starts to learn that good & bad aren't so easy to separate.
oh noooooooooo this is taking me out
auror taehyung undefined grumbles that nobody in azkaban is going to be scared of him if tae keeps this up
always wanted a subversive hp au. what better than a love story about dementors.
dementors, the prison guards of azkaban, are terrifying creatures. but when one of them pulls its hood off his head, taehyung sees a face with a beauty that should be impossible on this plane of reality.
i couldn't watch cheese in the trap either. i don't remember why, i don't remember the story either. but yeah, "chasing a woman to prove that your feelings are real" and "never giving up" are fairly popular tropes in this country.
i'm a new media artist & programmer!
and bangtan being their usual cute gay selves. forgot to add that. anyway, i'm mango. she/they. non-binary. brown. 23. and here are my fics:
i see people unfollowing me now that i've been tweeting about my personal life and stopped posting only about taegi.   so here's a disclaimer: i'm no longer some taegi bot. this is a personal account where i will talk about my life, my writing & occasionally some code.
thank you! and yes i am okay! they probably won't get it yeah. i have honestly given up
exactly. i live alone and i'm new to the city. it was late evening and the guy had a car. nobody seemed like they were going to help. i kept apologizing for 20 minutes straight which is so fucking ridiculous.
yep
anyway. rant over. i just had a bad day. and i want to burn every bollywood movie that's romanticised the idea of chasing a woman till she says yes.
even when you lose your patience, you can't be rude because displeasing men comes with consequences. i hate this body and how being perceived female is translated to an invitation to come harass me and completely disregard my consent.
and everybody else? nobody says a fucking word or tries to help and interfere. you're still smiling and apologizing and saying bullshit like "no no my rejection doesn't reflect on your personality. i'm sure you're an amazing person, but i don't give my information to strangers"
and you still fucking apologize for having to refuse to give your name and number to a complete stranger who stopped his car in front of you and continues to follow you in his car even after you clearly said no.
i always had this one scene in my head: historical au taegi, newly forced into marriage, are returning home on one horse. it's raining hard & taegi are silent after an argument. they stop at an inn but there's no room.
i put so much stress on originality undefined short for now i think.
nothing cuter than getting pwei's voice notes in dms
this has to be one of the best things i've read!!! all that gorgeous detail & familiarity yet uncertainty. it's hands down my favorite vhope fic now
i'm sorry you're getting messages like this :< please don't let their words get to you. they're just brave on anon. just block and don't engage.
this is tiring
and i hate looking at screens after spending all my time on online lessons. i want in-person interaction but i'm new to this city and know nobody :<
i'm lonely :< i don't even like talking to people. but i'm lonely.
okay now i can't stop thinking about this
no :>
😂😂 thank you! i'm happy you like them!
:>
when taehyung begins to suspect the higher ups in the ministry themselves, he's deported to azkaban for an indefinite period of time where he meets yoongi, and together they escape undefined
ignore me just retweeting clips of bts hip thrusting. it's one of those days
this was so hard. but what is two months to two years? is my favorite is what i'd say if held at gunpoint. and these are some of my favorite scenes. i absolutely couldn't choose one.
this is so beautiful 💛💛 i am literally speechless right now
i have no idea why or how this exists in my brain, but it's been there for a couple of months now.
the owner lets them stay in the barn undefined so they do. and they get aggressive and angry and end up fucking on a stack of hay
please
omygod
this is the beautiful woman who performed a few minutes back. i'm in love with her already. so glad i got to find her
exactly 😭 i'm so nervous already even though we have like an hour ahead of us.
i made it because i wanted to be "professional" but all that app did was give me unneeded anxiety. especially during the quarantine. looking at past friends' profiles made me feel like i'd failed in life. and i'm like 23? it makes no sense. i hate social media.
yeeeaaahh
lmao. i just put mine to hibernation a few days back. that app is the bane of my existence.
i am actually shaking, god i feel like i've been transported back to 2016 mma's
is this the scene i think it is. fuuuuck
come here :<
it's been a while since i was this excited
i've never had a crush?? now that i'm thinking about it... most of the time i just want someone's attention and once i get it, i lose interest. like, thanks for the validation. now bye.
i return to this. what a day. thank you sir hoseok.
it's 4am here and i'm just scrolling through twitter to keep stoking my anger :< but you're right, no point losing sleep over this. good night!!
i know i said im going to sleep but :/
yes ridiculous experience is right
im just sad. like not even angry but sad and just so fucking tired. and not even the slightest bit of surprised.
i'm going to sleep
fuck this shit
yeah so
please god
fuuuuuck
thank you!! i spent an hour on pinterest trying to find something lol. they're simple because i'm actually just lazy to find bts photos that match the aesthetic and then make mood boards etc.
thank you!!! i really hope to finish it by tomorrow since it was meant to be short and mostly a reprieve from my other wips.
it's wednesday here & i haven't done these in a while! this is the fic i started writing today!
today's run episode was the serotonin i needed this week
found inspiration to write but it's a whole new fic. my brain hates me. but on a better note, this one is short so hopefully it'll be done today or tomorrow.
omygod same. it's not really a crush. it's more like some fucked up superiority/attention seeking complex. but yes, the moment i sniff a romantic thought from somebody, i'm getting out of there as fast as i can.
you know what. this seems like my kind of thing.
if i opened fic commissions only for those based in india since i'm unable to receive payments internationally at the moment, would anybody be interested?
omg thank you!! i'll take a look at their profile.
please, i'd draw it myself if i could, but i haven't picked up a pencil to draw in years. i think i'd find somebody here who can make the transaction for me and i'd pay them instead :<
we must both live in the same house 🤔
this gif is making me go crazy. i need to write something for it. a triwizard tournament au where the everybody understandably goes feral over these 3 durmstrang boys.
i didn't dig too deep after seeing the caricature that was made of bts, mocking their loss in the grammys. it was really ugly and made me feel actually sick. i logged off after seeing it.
what is even happening omygod. i came here to get away from shit irl and i see all this. as an asian myself, this hurts so much.
aaah hello! im excited to post it too, if only i manage to complete it in time
they have that old bickering slytherin married couple vibe that i'm so down for
i do!! believe me, i'm going to be having them tonight
it was supposed to be a short cliche thing, but you know my brain by now 😭 i have to try & insert violence into it in some form
i have too little patience 😭
the constant cycle of wanting people to read your fic immediately and feeling embarrassed when you find stupid errors in it later
falling from grace | taegi au  • historical au • alpha/omega • courting sports • love confessions • murders  a tournament is held to win yoongi’s hand in marriage.
i'm done!!
this is more of a pilot than anything? if it all works out well, i'll try to get my paypal fixed & open commissions for everybody!
i sometimes forget he has all that skin
i'll post the details after i've finished this fic. i seriously need to finish projects before i take on new ones.
thank you 🥺
i'm so close to the end of this fic, ughhhh i just want to finish it already :< i really want to post it today
i'll post the commission details tomorrow! it's my first time doing this so i'm kinda nervous
it got one vote. okay, i'm doing it.
aahhh i always scream when i see that you read my stuff. thank you so much, i'm so happy you liked it!
i'd write another wedding night au that isn't centred around the vikings, i do have a couple of ideas! but i'm sorry you had to be left on a cliffhanger :<
i'm surprised so many people liked that!
i see authors i really admire reading my stuff and i feel the strongest urge to bury my face in the sand
i also didn't like writing it in tweets since it felt like it was veering towards heavy themes of consent, and i didn't feel like i was doing it justice here.
i actually forgot about this fic...i discontinued it because i felt like i was writing without doing proper research about the vikings and it didn't feel correct to continue it.
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
i hope you like it :d
i hope you enjoy it whenever you read it!!
i hope you like it 💛
i am reading your comments and crying, you're so sweet, thank you!!
💛💛💛
please, my brain won't allow fics without violence 😭 i don't know why i'm like this
the ending was a little rushed because i got impatient :< i am never happy with my endings
aahhhh thank you!!! 💛💛
omg
i honestly couldnt identify a single scene that was actually there in the manga?
no thank you for sharing something so precious :ddddddd
ur cute
thank you so much 🥺 i am really happy you liked it
no it was really cute, i giggled, hence the laughing emojis. i've been well, thank you for asking! i hope you're having a nice day yourself! 💛
😂😂😂
i got the same result lmao
what quiz is this??
me, writing fic: murder husbands 🔪🔪🔪🔪  everybody in the comments: tangerines 🥺🥺🥺
🥺🥺🥺
i absolutely did 😂
aaaaaa thank you, and i really hope you liked it!!
i hope you enjoy it 🥺
i hope you like it 💛💛
this is interesting. i'm positive yoongi would think me naive and unreasonable.
retweeting in case people missed it. i still have open slots. dm me if you have any queries! and retweets are really appreciated!
aaaah thank you i'm glad to hear that 🥺
😂😂😂
i totally get that! i'm sorry it's like that :< i'm not with somebody so i guess it's easier for me to be open about it. i have been left on read because of it though lol. i mostly just use it as a filter at this point
i used to feel like that but grew sick of it, so now i just state it bluntly and seek pleasure in everyone's discomfort. once i decided i wasn't going to feel embarrassment about it, it became much easier to battle others' judgement.
:< it's like a pilot, if i'm able to do this well, i'll sort out the issue with the international payments and open commissions for everybody
ao3:    moments:
mango's fic commissions!! (＠＾◡＾)  i cannot receive international payments so it's only for those based in india this time.  dm me if you wish to commission me (i have 3 slots open) or if you have any queries! you'll find my works below this tweet!
okay it's time
thank you!!!! it makes me really happy you liked it!!
😂😂😂
yes yes omg. i didn't think you'd be done with it so soon!!! i'm so excited!!
i love this!!! please keep going. i'm thinking a forced marriage where taehyung promises yoongi on their wedding night that he'll never touch him. but what follows is a century of pining where yoongi clearly wants tae to touch him. maybe if one of them is count dracula? idk idk
no way. a 9 from me. you're intimidating.
i just want a woman to button up the back of my dress handmaiden style. that is the only kind of intimacy i desire.
🗿🗿🗿
i did mine a couple more times and they were (in order): rape/noncon, threesome, sexual confusion, death.
this is mine! not very surprising either
😂😂😂
you're on fire today aren't you
when has that ever stopped weddings :/
oh yes. it's amusing how much twitter social dynamics resemble actual real life social dynamics.
i hate that i like it
why did i see this? my brain is going to be coughing out au ideas for weeks to come.
what even. i liked your response to it though.
true. but the jaded x naive dynamic only seems to work in fanfiction lol. pretty sure he'd think i'm childish. and well, he won't be wrong.
oh my god
thank you 🥺 that means a lot especially because i was made fun of because of my eyes in school
thank you 🥰
you have one pun and you live to torment me with it
please i actually screeched with joy just now. nothing brings me more happiness than a comment on my zombie au.
this just made me feel so loved
thank you!!
thank you!! they aren't the "proper" jhumkas, i really want to buy a pair of those soon
aaah thank you! that is so heartwarming to hear
omg i actually had the same problem with tweeting pictures just now. it wasn't happening until i switched my phone off and turned it on again. you can try that!
that's me each time i have to type 'nipple' in a smut scene 😂
please 😔 i'm easily intimidated by authors i like
probably 1 online. but 7 irl. i've been told i always look pissed off.
thank you love 💛
i am screaming, tell me they stop pining that night after the event. does yoongi help tae undress after the event too??? do they share a bath???
omg, i love this so much!! you're really writing the fic here for me
i see you gave up on the moodboards too 😂 but i love this!! it looks so inviting
if anybody's interested, ao3 recently released a giant metadata dump
demon taehyung!!!!!!!!! i love you so much
i wrote an essay on ao3 and bts fanfiction for college and got the highest grade lmao
i wish i could dance
i'm watching their dance practices today and feeling so awful about how terribly unfit i am in comparison
never mind i take it back. while i love coding & building stuff, maintaining it for long and populating the database with fics and just generally being any more involved with twitter than i already am is not something i wanna do
maybe i should just call it a @/mangoficbot? and it'll just recommends fics ive read. not sure what will be the point of that but...ugh
so i began building it...but i can see it becoming a monster. unless i invite at least one person to help me populate each ship, i don't think i could do justice to all ships (plus poly ships?? oh lord)
yeah the image credits would be difficult. it'll require more effort too if i have to find photos manually to populate the database. but lemme see if there are apis (like giphy) that i can use for this kind of thing.
thank you love 💛
ohh that's interesting. i think this is feasible feature. most likely those generators have a predefined database of prompts that they randomly pick from. once i populate my database with fics, the bot can just choose from the tags authors have used in those fics
the infrastructure is already set up from the previous time. i'm just going to make a new database this time. it'll take some time to populate it
it'll be run only by me this time though.
i think i might make a fic rec bot again, but not specific to any pairing? a general bts fic rec blog?
i really want to work on a twitter bot. something like the taegi fic bot, but not that. never that again. just another fanfiction related quirky bot. if anybody has ideas, lemme know!
love this energy
thank you 😊
i'm thinking of an insufferable bastard taehyung x exhausted and endeared yoongi dynamic instead of sleeping. it's difficult to describe but think sharleena's vigilante taehyung fic. that's the dynamic.
not exactly unrequited but they sit together on the same painful table somewhere
hands down one of my favourite things these fools have done
thank you!! hope you have a nice day today! 💛
this was so so good!!! so beautifully written aaahhh
i'm screaming
i am feeling so many emotions right now you have no idea 😭
nothing lasts forever has a podfic!! thank you so much   for all the effort you put into recording and editing it (2 hours!!!!) and for the beautiful art and the music!! i'm so blown away by this.  you can listen to the fic here:
i haven't been around here much so i didn't see it but!!!!! congratulations!! i'm very happy for you!
aaaaa thank you!!!! i am glad you liked it!!
omg, thank you so much!! i hope you like all of them!! 💛💛💛
we had to write about our personal histories with the digital medium, and i talked about queer identities and anonymity and fanfiction
i love his laugh
seokjin is so freaking adorable
omg please tell me if you do analyse this data! and if you have any interesting findings regarding this fandom. i unfortunately don't have much experience with data analysis :<
omg. if you want more movie recs: watch my name is khan, life of pi (not bollywood actually, but set in india), andhadhun, pink, haider. these are some of my favourites
hey haha so i won't spoil the fic for you here but i'm really happy you're invested!! hopefully i'll be able to post it soon :<
i imagined yoongi in a bathtub, skin glistening wet and feet dangling off the rim. and taehyung on his knees before him, curved low as he drinks and yoongi watches him with lidded eyes and amused lips. why am i writing a fic here...but yes, let us suffer in company
i was not sure if that word would be taken positively but i absolutely, entirely mean it as a compliment!
this might be  's fault but my immediate mental response to this tweet was vamp! taehyung grabbing yoongi by the ankles, yanking him closer, and feeding from his feet
their dynamic is so??? the way yoongi indulges taehyung (his earrings swaying!!!! towards the end) and the way tae is so desperate & reverent of yoongi. i love both of them so much!!!
oh good god. i absolutely loved it. i don't know how you always manage to do this. completely flip my reading habits and have me enthralled into your stories that are so fucking strange but all the more captivating.
please stop. i am having thoughts
these 2 are my favourites!
i will write a taegijin one day. not today. but some day.
kim seokjin is seriously my role model.
how does each new run episode become my favourite episode.
i've been talking about this fic for months but i barely have 1k of it written :/ anyway, here's some of it for
yes role model shit
aahhhh so pretty 💛💛💛
omg i snorted out loud. i haven't had mango chutney in ages, i'm craving it now :<
i'm thinking about it. but plots that require lots of world-building are 😭😭😭
i actually wrote this one if anyone was curious about it
hope you like it! 💛
watch it!!! the film is really nice. but what i wrote in the prompt doesn't happen. just watch it, it's on netflix. it's really nice
i watched the film pagglait 😔 and this was the result
i want to. believe me i do. now if somebody would offer to finish my degree for me, i actually might do it
like what the fuck. i need to write this
i forgot i made this thread haha. it has some really cool ideas
it's become a personal challenge??? and i don't know how to feel about that
it's fun and all to see how many ways i could write married taegi, but i genuinely think i might be unable to write anything else for a long time.
taegi levirate marriage au: when it is revealed that his late husband had made him the sole nominee of his life insurance policy, yoongi is forced to marry his husband's elusive younger brother kim taehyung so that the money remains in the kim clan.
one day i will finish it 😭
please it is so silly how obsessed i am with them but i am not going to stop lol
somebody claimed my prompt!!!! omygod
thank you!!! i haven't watched that film but i'll check it out! the movie i actually took inspiration from is called "the man from earth" it's different from the fic in the way there's no zombies, elevators or reincarnations but it's really interesting too
ohhh this looks so good
it's the only rational choice
been thinking of yoongi in a saree for the past hour
this is so good!!!!
whoever left me comments under my zombie fic, just know that i read your words at least once a month whenever i'm sad
check out fadetomorrow's works on ao3
watch it!! it's really good!!
ohh yoongi killing him on purpose, that's 🌚🌚🌚
omygod 😭😭😭😭
this is so sweet it hurts me 😭😭😭
both ways actually. they're both sardonic bastards
you're probably thinking of the right fic. i should be done with it tomorrow hopefully so yes, you'll get to read it for yourself.
trying to write a conversation between yoongi and taehyung's literal brain. never imagined myself in this situation if i am being pretty honest.
muting accounts would be a lifesaver though! i would finally be able to visit the taegi tag again
i wonder how they'll go about it. if the people i block can still read my stories and just not comment, that will be essentially useless. they can log out as well hmmm.
blocking and muting on ao3???? my day has been salvaged!
aaaand my college is closed again. i have to go back home
i was looking for this to qrt that very tweet 😭
aahhhhhhhhh you've made my day with this 🥺
happy birthday!!!! ✨✨✨✨✨ i hope this year is good to you and i hope you have a wonderful day today!
found this old hidan x kakuzu taegi fic that i wrote three paragraphs for and then abandoned because the number of my wips is becoming absurd
you don't need to. i'm a simp for the authors i admire. i'll try to write this? or if not this, i'll write something else for you :>
adulting is really just having a breakdown every alternate day at home and going to work the next day and faking how sorted you are in life
thank you so much :undefined
thank you 🥺🥺🥺
i felt this tweet in my bones
i feel anxious each time i post this fic so i'm going to dip out of twitter for some time. i hope everybody who's been waiting for this fic enjoys it. please let me know what you think in the comments!
despite this cruel world ↳ taegi, ch 2: the man from the stars  • resurrection au • medical horror • husbands to strangers to lovers • alchemy • hunger games  "where is he?" he asks, and his voice holds; doesn’t break like how he feels he might.
enough proofreading. i'm going to post it and then crawl into some hole and die.
this is adorable 😭😭😭
this is actually addressed to myself right now. i want to post the second chapter of my medical horror au already, but i despise my writing in it :<
and also realise that nobody out there is judging it as harshly as you probably are. it's most definitely better than you believe it is.
it's okay! you're doing it for free. you're doing it out of passion. you're building and raising fictional worlds from the ground. it's okay if it's not the epitome of perfection. be kinder to yourself. be more appreciative of the efforts and time you put into it.
if there's something i had to tell fic writers, that i often tell myself too, it'd be: it's okay! even if what you're writing isn't the greatest possible permutation and combination of lettering that'd thoroughly evoke the correct emotions of the correct genre within the reader.
i just want to post this fic already
if it helps, you're not alone 🥺 i hope tomorrow is a better day for you!
i actually have the whole story of the medical horror au mapped out, and it should be 6 chapters + 1 epilogue in total. hopefully. otherwise we're all screwed. i'm thinking ~50k in total, but i'm hardly ever right about these things.
ahh thank you! i'm very happy to hear that!!
i hope you like it 😊
😂😂😂 thank you!!!
honestly i was very uncertain about this chapter and had like 0 expectations regarding its reception, but i woke up today to such heartfelt comments on the fic. i am left stunned. thank you so much for your lovely thoughts. you've incredibly made my entire day.
you've got this!!!! know that im sending you a ton of virtual hugs right now
i want to say that it gets better soon but 😅
lmaao i'm glad you liked it! this fic is so nerdy, i can't believe people actually read it.
thank you so much for reading!! it really means a lot!!
i hope you like it 🥺
thank you so much for reading!! i'm so happy to hear you liked it!!
thank you!!!! i really had no expectations this time but i'm glad you liked it!
i am crying, thank you 😭😭😭
happy ugadi mango!!! you look great
ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhjhhhhh
!!!! thank you
nothing lasts forever. my taegi zombie au. i doubt i could write a fic that tops this one.
yess i've read this fic so many times already!!
and there's a happy ending!! i promise there is. as long as i manage to reach it.
but seokjin and hoseok shall make their appearance in the next chapter!! jimin and seokjin play bigger roles. and taehyung has an entire journey before him.
continuing this thread to just talk about the fic because why not. i am surprised so many people enjoyed namjoon's character. i love him myself, he's a bastard. but sadly he doesn't have much of a role from now on :<
ahh no, but i had to stop writing this au for several reasons :< i felt i was doing disservice to the viking culture by writing this au without doing extensive research about it. and i also felt that it was delving into themes of dubcon that i didn't want it to
and i swear the hunger games tag isn't just sitting there for shits and giggles. we'll reach the hunger games in the next chapter.
mine too!! i think about it once a week at least
thank you 😅😅 i'm glad you liked it lol
thank you!!! i'm glad you liked it!!
i knew i could rely on you 💛💛
thank you 🥺
nobody's picking horror, and i'm just wondering why you all follow me
a pointless poll, but out of curiosity, pick the genre you like the most:
jimin :d
hello, that's a whole ass confession note right there, i love you, i am not kidding. you have to be wooing me.
let's fucking go indeed!!!!
ao3 user daegucrew when i say you have my entire heart, veins and ventricles and valves and everything, i mean it
does it? i watched maybe 10 minutes of that film. comedy horror is really not my genre. but yes! i just really want some south asian representation in fics because i've never seen it.
a south asian folk horror au where a churail omega yoongi lives in a haveli on top of a haunted hill, and every 100 years, when his heat hits him, the villagers have to sacrifice and send an alpha to the mansion to please him
it's the fic i'm writing for you!!! the cannibals one
medical horror au    cannibal survival horror
i can't decide where to direct my energy. pick one:
yes!!! this is so so good, i want to read it already! 😭 yoongi is acting too suave for someone who had and i quote "a massive, stupid, idiotic crush on you"
i'm screeching
yoongi & taehyung make a deal where tae would help yoongi kill seokjin's killers in exchange for yoongi's soul. but seokjin's body won't let taehyung hurt yoongi, and seokjin still looks like seokjin even though it isn't him. and yoongi still loves seokjin. but maybe tae too now?
not really a wip, but i'd been toying with the idea of a possessed husband! taegijin au
not surprised but a little sad. i need more horror mutuals d:
how have i never seen this one!!!!!!! you have added another dimension to my life
right underneath it is this one
my favourite image on the internet
see this is why you're my favorite 🥰
ohh i love that fic too!! for a second i was confused too 😅 i had to remember if i ever wrote a fic with trains
the evil trio
about to start this right now and i'm vibrating
i've singularly been contributing to the husbands to lovers taegi tag
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! i cannot wait
i'm writing the 3rd chapter of the medical horror au and it's going good! against all my expectations
yes!
absolutely the best yoonmin dynamic i've read. it was so raw and powerful and amazing.
everybody go read this beautiful yoonmin! i read it last night and it broke me
your birthday is in may too!! i was hoping the comeback would be on 11th since that's mine 😅
ohh thank you!!! i do love folk music, and i will check these out!! thank you so much!! i thought it was an original italian song and was going crazy trying to find it
you're a sweetheart!!! thank you so much!! i'm so gone for the song, i'm not even watching the rest of the episode lol. i just keep repeating the one scene where it plays.
ahhhh no it's not this one 😭 it's not an original soundtrack. it just plays in the background of the 2nd episode at 1:10:58. but thank you, i'll listen to this too!
i already tried multiple times :undefined googling phrases but i can't find it anywhere
i'm watching vincenzo, and i'm on the 2nd episode. i wanted somebody to help me find an italian song that plays towards the end of the episode. if anybody knows italian, please dm me!
[vibrating] i need this
yes you're beautiful and powerful, fuck everybody who thinks otherwise or makes you think otherwise
what the fuck even
not big enough 😔
thank you 🥺 i'll try to think a plot to go with it
thank you! but it's not big enough unfortunately. i've thought about it so much but i can't find the plot or the confidence for it :<
i really want to do an interactive horror au but it'd require a big brain
each day i impossibly fall in love in them even more
omygod
it just gets better
this is gold
launch it in bangalore please i beg you
i was in that city for over 5 years 😭 what conspiracy is this
of course this came at the one time i can't ever be in delhi
asffhjgdsxgnncdsdghhnbbbvcxdghjkkkjgfdcvnnjjh
holy shit. that sounds intense. i don't really want a tattoo (more like i have no idea what to get that i won't regret later) but i do want piercings. i'm going to try and get one when i go home this week.
i have read two of those!! they both were really good. i'll read the namkook too! thank you
the tags wow, it looks so intriguing, thank you!
i haven't read much, but these were a few that i enjoyed:    (yoonmin)   (taegi)   (vhope)   (jinmin)   (taegi)
please reply with fic recs (something short that i can finish before sleeping. < 20k?) any pairing and any genre works
thank you love!!!
you have a tattoo??? you have all of my respect. i shudder at the thought of even bringing that up to my family
you're very sweet 💛
thank you!! ☺️
thank you 🥺🥺🥺 now if you'd just call my mother and tell her that so she doesn't slap me when i propose a piercing to her
the third chapter of the medical horror taegi au!
this was really interesting. i hope my answers are helpful, and i'd really love to read the thesis as well!!
omygod this is so amazing!!!
you look pretty!! wear it for yourself!!!
oh thank you!!! the premise definitely piques my interest!! i've marked it and i'll be free of submissions soon so i'll read it then! thank you
this is so stunning!!!!!
what 😂
i was 22 when this pandemic began. i'm going to turn 24 in twenty days.
thank you!! 💛💛
thank you omg you're so sweet. i'm still not sure if i want to get the piercing :< maybe i'd get the traditional nostril piercing, idk, i really don't have the confidence. and i'm terrified of needles lol
thank you 🥺💛💛
i just finished reading it and i'm mentally bowing to you in gratitude for recommending it to me. it was so fucking amazing! thank you
holy shit i just finished reading this mind-blowing yoonjin fic and i'm just—fuck i'm speechless
i've gotten a couple on my ears in the past but they either closed or got infected. i gave up but i'm going to try again. i'm craving some kind of change in myself. everything's been so shit in the pandemic. i was 22 when it started, and i'm going to turn 24 in a few days :|
lately i've found that fics with lesser kudos seem to have the content i like. niche content.
fuck. i'll just get one on my ear then 😭
it sounds morbid wow, but that's totally my genre. thank you!!
thank you 🥺🥺🥺
thank you! and yes i did!
papa yellow!!!
thanks
will i ever finish my taegi cannibal au
in my honest opinion, i doubt i'd be able to ever top this confession 😔
thank you!!!! despite this cruel world is easily the strangest fic i've written. to know that you like it means the world to me, thank you 💛🥺
me too 😔
"you used to tell me that we’re all made of dead stars, and i do not know much about that, but if there’s one thing i know with utmost certainty, it is that darling, you are undeniably other-worldly."  –taehyung to yoong, despite this cruel world
“my love for you is the only thing that has existed as long as i have...for i have not known a time when you weren’t the only thing that mattered to me.”  –taehyung to yoongi, nothing lasts forever
this brings back memories. they had pinball & spider solitaire back then
i'm looking for anime to watch too. thinking of starting d'gray man idk
is that me? i feel like it was me. either way, watch it! it's really good and short too.
you're so pretty!! and the glitter eyeshadow!!!!! i love it!!
some ppl wanna watch the world burn
what did they put in this song. i've been listening to it on repeat since last night
i hope you like it!!
thank you! i did!
thank you adfgshfgj
ahh thank you!!!
ignore me, i'll just be retweeting bts married moments
yes, it is taegijin. my first ever.
yes, i have made the edits. no, i have not written the story.
please. i'm so tired of kpop "concepts" like just let the boys do whatever they want. besides we're living through a pandemic, let's just be happy and yellow. it's such a fun vibe
i don't know why yellow gets so much hate. it's my favourite color and i'm so ready for this era
i've done no research ._. we had 5 weeks and i've done nothing. this pandemic killed what little motivation i used to cultivate in myself.
i have no idea why i picked this topic
why do i feel the urge to write when i'm 4 days away from my final submission
if you're interested, this is the medical horror/science fiction fic i'm working on currently:
yes this is the thread i needed!!!!
thank you!! i'm glad you liked the story!!
it was just nice to get a random message once in a while
even though i know it's a bad idea, i feel the urge to open my cc again sometimes :/ i won't do it though
yoongi curled up in that corner and threatening tae, he's so adorable
it's been a year since then?????? how am i so ignorant to the passage of time. am i growing old????
your caption 😭😭😭
thank you so much love 🥺
if i ate you would it be cannibalism 🤔
thank you!!! i'm trying to finish my two other wips before i pick this one up! i'm really excited to write it, i already have scenes in my head but i have to restrain myself lol
's works are out of this world! these two are my favourites
i needed this!!!
omg thank you mango 🥺
i hope i ever get to writing it 😔
thank you 🥺🥺🥺🥺 my aim is to finish all 7 of these by the end of this year. 4 are finished. 1 is ongoing, and 2 are new!
:undefined i've not written even one word
same here 😭 i think about once a week at least
oh nooooooo :undefined
you should give it a try! it's got an intriguing plot
it's only got 3 episodes but i like it so far!!
i'm watching fumetsu no anata e and what the fuck, the plot is incredible!!!! and the third episode????? that "thank you" killed me
tannies dissing in english would just about end me. now i'm going to be disappointed if butter is anything but a diss track.
burger is a slang??? i had no idea
i struggle the most when the fic is supposed to span over a long time and you need to write meaningless scenes just to give the illusion of the ~passage of time~ my favourite fics are those that open and close within one scene
this 😭
this is so stunning!!!!!!!
please do!! if you're looking for heart-wrenching yoonmin fics, may i please present to you:
i'm not sure i know this :<
🥺🥺🥺
a checklist of things i wish to write in future fics: - demonic possession (+ taegijin) - gladiator fights - mail order groom yoongi - newlyweds sharing a bed/horse - south asian folk horror - arguments in the rain - dracula taehyung
okay!!! i will look forward to it! this is so cute 💛 thank you for indulging me
if you ever feel inspired enough to 😅
thank you!!! i've seen it around a lot! i'll check it out
i've seen it 🥺
i saw it all lol. i'm waiting for the last 2 episodes to be released!
i finally submitted my research paper!!!!!! it left me scarred, but fuck i'm finally free!!! does anybody have anime / kdrama / indian film recs? i wanna binge tonight
omygod 😂😂😂
yayy new layout~
i changed my whole layout because of it lmao
can't describe how much joy this gave me
you've probably read them, but here are two of my favourites
this is so cute & chaotic, can't wait to read it!!
i need a seokjin in my life d:
this was such an adorable read!!!
thank you 🥺🥺🥺 i will start it the moment i wake up tomorrow. i don't know about 10k though 😅 i was thinking something short but knowing me, it'll probably get away from me and become something else entirely
i know right i thought of it today morning and i've been grinning all day. i'm letting it cultivate inside myself before i pen it down fully
sweet & hurtful! my favourite flavour!
i don't know i'm just in a dire need of a fic where taehyung shaves yoongi. they're husbands obviously. domestic husbands on a raft
taehyung helping yoongi shave while they live on a raft in the middle of the ocean after their ship sinks.
another day, another fic idea
are you the mod??? because it looks amazing!!! i've got an excuse to re-read all the fics in my bookmarks :ddd
it's on the website!
anything but romance or comedy!
it looks interesting and someone else also recommended it so i'll definitely give it a try!
someone else also recommended it and i love a good sci-fi plot, thank you!!!
ohhhh this looks like something i'd love! thank you!! i'm going to give it a try
😊😊😊
sure thing!!
thank you!!!!! 💛💛💛💛
thank you!!! i hope you'll like the end product too :undefined
thank you!!! it really is! i'll have something to look forward to at least :m it's going to be uneventful day otherwise
it's okay!! my birthday is on the 11th but i have no patience whatsoever so i'll end up posting it as soon i'm finished anyway 😂
it works!!!!!!! yeaaaah
or...should i post it on my birthday and gift it to myself. can you gift yourself fics on ao3. i need to test this. going to take this love myself thing to the end.
my husbands living on a lifeboat! taegi au is underway! most likely i'll be finished tomorrow
stardust (taegi) by fadetomorrow space au, star trek, mirror universe, self-cest, thriller
paper tigers (taegi) by fringecity murder husbands taegi, science fiction, biology, thriller, battle of wits
patch me up (vhope) by providerhope compulsory military service, implied homophobia, caring, smut, gentleness
muscle memory (jinmin) by hyperlight boxer jimin, swimmer seokjin, aftermath of violence, friends with benefits
it's a little hard to describe what a "small fic" is but i'm just adding fics i absolutely loved and feel that they deserve a whole lot more
this looks so good!!! i'll be adding fics under this tweet!
thank you so much for the rec!! i'm glad you enjoyed it! :>
i was supposed to post on my birthday but i know no patience
a blue desert | taegi au [4k]  • ocean survival • living on a boat • husbands  • blind character • shaving  yoongi struggles to live with the darkness behind his eyes in the blue desert that surrounds them. taehyung helps his husband shave.
why am i awful at endings :<
yes, yoonmin bickering like the disgusting married couple they are. my daily dose of serotonin.
oh nooooooooo thank you so much 🌼🌼🌼 this is so sweet and thoughtful. thank you! i'm an impatient person by nature so i keep driving myself to post faster but thank you, this cheered me up a lot!
and the chirping noises 😭😭😭 i cannot take this
[the little birds waiting for their food]
run bts today!!!!! i cannot wait
i have one too help 😂😂😂
this one too!!
always manages to cheer me up!!!
i missed it, but i vote yes too. honestly i'm the only person i'm willing to kiss.
this is another yoonkook i loved, it's thriller/horror and jungkook is blind   and no worries, you should spend on a necessity!! a prequel for this though...i'd have to think about that 🤔
😂😂😂
😂😂😂 i think that is one trope i'll leave for somebody else. amnesia is really not my thing. but husbands to strangers does sound appealing. i might write something like that in the future.
i can skip all of the getting to know each other undefined sex etc. i can just drop them in the middle of the pacific ocean and call it a plot.
okay, i'll confess: a big reason behind why i like writing married taegi is because it's a lot less work
that's alright!! read it whenever you get the time, and best of luck for the exam!! you'll do well!
thank you!!! 😭😭😭 i'm so happy you liked it. i wasn't sure if people would. thank you for your kind words, they mean a lot to me 🌼🌼🌼
it's on the 11th 😅 but thank you!!!!
i hope you enjoy it!! 🌼
thank you!!! i hadn't been fully satisfied with the final dialogue between them, but this makes me feel a lot better about it! thank you so much for sharing your thoughts and thank you for your sweet words! you're very kind 💛💛💛
thank you!!! i was aiming to make their argument sharper and angrier but those two refused to be anything but gentle :'>
thank you 🥺🥺🥺 im glad you enjoyed it!!
yayy i hope you like it!!!
feels amazing to gift fics to yourself!!! love yourself!!
this is sick
when you cant even hear the song over these dorks screaming
mine too 😔
thank you!!! 🥺🥺🥺🥺
it is peach right?????
if i had to choose my favorite bit from this fic, this one would be it.
i'll be honest, i didn't know him either 😂
well not anymore!! taehyung is out and very gay right now and i'm very proud of him!! and oh my god i'm so excited, i'm in love with the entire verse!!
the things you hope for universe!!! sorry i got excited and forgot the name 😭😭😭
omygod does this belong to the closet taehyung universe???
more of a trust/comfort thing for me actually. i'm probably thinking about this more deeply than i should. but i find it hard to trust my body & and my vulnerability with anybody but myself.
this is fun to do, but i already know what i'm known for [sigh]
unique sex writer & an enthusiast of all things open ended.
one of my favorite pairings!!!
😂😂😂
now these are the kind of apologies i want.
i feel good when i give out pads to others, it's like "i got you, don't you worry about a thing." but to know that somebody would mock you for something like that is so beyond me.
that hit hard. i thought i was the only one feeling this way, which sounds stupid now because we're living through a pandemic, but it still feels good to know i'm not the only one feeling like this
i had the same problem and gave up on moodboards altogether lol. i make simple covers with fic title + summary now (in case you want to try this route instead, i'm assuming you were asking for fic moodboards?)
yess i cannot wait 💛💛💛💛💛
oh hello
when tae gets handsy in public, yoongi would hold him by the back of his neck and drawl, "behave" but would let taehyung wreck him at night
dad yoongi and horny uni student taehyung who has a thing for the jut of yoongi's ankles
i've never been a smut person but i can't stop thinking about dilf yoongi
congrats!!! ✨✨✨✨
a wonderful read as usual!!! thank you so much! i love your taegi and this entire series 💛
it is here!!!!
this was the best moment for me today
i hope you have a wonderful day today
"i guess u must handle me"
ahhh thank you!! that was a rare trope indeed. i'm glad you liked it!!!
that is so surprising. i did not think anyone remembered that project, thank you 🥺 i wish i could do something similar again but i don't have any ideas atm
yes!! i accept!
you know me well!!!! husbands in horrid situations is my brand
omg that's so cute. i did not expect that. i'm melting inside. thank you 🥺
yessss that's the only correct answer
my goal is to become the horror husbands mutual. enough of the fluff & romance. i need murders.
thank you for 800 kudos!!! this is still my favourite fic that i've written
😂😂😂 it's okay, thank you, i'm flattered you're enthusiastic about that fic
those are ankles i'd write sonnets to
i really need to continue that 😔
thank you 🥺🥺🥺
thank you!!! you're the best🌼🌼🌼🌼🌼🌼
i get weird at 5am 😩 but let's hope i don't regret publicizing my horny thoughts when i wake up tomorrow
positive reinforcement! thank you :'d
you won't let it go would you 😂😂😂
i shall let the thought cultivate in my brain and see if anything worthwhile grows by the morning
it's 5am. i should sleep. am i an nsfw account now?
i hope you like them!! ☺️ the taejin one is hilarious
here are a few tae pairing fics that i feel you might like?
i hate that i laughed
yeah that definitely helps!! i have a similar personality too, but i'm just not on his level yet lmao
yeah hoseok is hard to get right. he is cheery but also distant? idk how to explain it. seokjin's character, i understand it on some spiritual level, but writing it is just about impossible for me
exactly! if their characters/feelings aren't in focus, then it's not so bad. seokjin is still okay, but i'm the absolute worst at writing hoseok's character. it's hard for me to get in touch with his personality. it's a very unique blend of cheery and terrifying.
it's hilarious and so incredibly on point, i want to screech like a pterodactyl
if this isn't the best thread i've read
oh my god. that's awful. but i want to read 😭
for me, it's seokjin & hoseok. i need to confirm if that's a common feeling.
the sunshines:
i'm curious. fic authors, which member is the hardest to write? the introverts:
thank you!!! 💛💛💛💛💛
it's not too hard, but i'm a notorious procrastinator 😭 but i'll bully myself into writing it later this week. it shouldn't take very long. hopefully i'll be able to post the next chapter towards the end of this month
aaaaaaa thank you!!!! i actually will, i need to discuss that fic with somebody so i don't go insane. but things are not so good at my house at the moment, so give me a few days :< but i'll definitely come to you with my arms full of all the notes i have for that fic
the only fic that can top nothing lasts forever for me at this point is my medical horror fic, provided that i actually write it :| the plot is so good, but ugh why can't i write it
thank you both of you!!! and cris i hope you enjoy it!!! 💛
a cute & scheming lil baby jimin
oh totally!! yoongi is an impressed and slightly terrified father. but he's fierce as hell each time he's called to school because namjoon gets into an argument with his teachers
namjoon would the sweetest child!!! just a quiet kid who reads a lot of books and chatters to yoongi about them!! he'd try to lie about the things he breaks but yoongs would be gentle and fond and completely unsurprised. he spends 3 days each week just fixing things in the house
noooooooo this is doing things to me
i accept revotes! i think baby seokjin would be so cute. i actually haven't read a fic with kid seokjin d: this is absolutely unacceptable
i think it'll be so endearing. yoongs as the gentle tired father and his cute kid hobi who goes to school with a sunshine badge on his uniform (i'm completely ignoring the fact that he's 12 not 4 but details!!)
we need more hoseok ships so you're saving us all!!! 💛💛💛💛 i'm here to cheer you on whenever you need it!!!
that'd be adorable!!!! except i cannot write hoseok d: i've never written his character. but it'll be an interesting way to challenge myself
*a/b/o i'm so sorry, i didn't realise i missed those
i've made jungkook taegi's kid too many times, so it's somebody else's turn
thinking about my dilf yoongi au again. he has a 12 year old kid. pick a member from the poll please and indulge me. i like doing polls.
it definitely does 😂 lemme add it to my list of ever-growing wips
i had big plans for this fic but sadly nothing happened :< i'm still holding onto it just in case i feel inspired again
thank you!! the thought's been rotting in my head for almost a year now 😔
i'll add more later!!
6. historical arranged marriage where yoongi was "offered" as a present to appease taehyung. taehyung promised never to touch yoongi on the very first night. but weeks later and they spend their nights on opposite sides of the bed, both of them craving to touch the other.
5. newly married strangers! taegi having to share a horse after yoongi's got stolen. it's raining undefined then fuck in a barn.
4. attack on titan au where taehyung is erwin & yoongi is levi. they're engaged, but when yoongi comes close to dying on the field, taehyung spends the night cherishing his lover's body (beginning with undoing the buttons of his cuffs and kissing yoongi's thin wrists).
3. vampires on the hill au - a year after yoongi's death, taehyung returns to the small town he & yoongi used to live in. but when a strange elegant man who introduces himself as kim seokjin invites him to his mansion on the hill, taehyung is reunited with his once dead husband.
2. taegijin possessed husband au where seokjin dies after getting caught up in some political scheme. yoongi swears to avenge his husband's death, even if that means letting a demon (taehyung) possess seokjin's corpse and making a deal with him in exchange for his soul.
1. republican marriage + eugenics + gay pirates ot7
in case more of you want all the married taegi ideas i have crammed inside my brain
that does sound wonderful. i guess i'm just tired, but i am also aware that there are a lot of things to be thankful as well. i'll choose to focus on those instead. thank you for your kind words, and i hope you're happy and safe wherever you are! thank you for the wishes!! 🌼🌼🌼
thank you!! i hope you and yours are keeping safe as well!
it's my birthday tomorrow but the mood in the house is so bad :/ it's the second year it's passing like this and idk, i'll just be happy if my parents are okay and healthy.
i'm waiting for a bigger plot for this fic!!! but ask anybody, i've been dying to write some wrist kisses!!! and an attack on titan au is literally my dream.
yoongi would eventually turn tae, and years later, they'd meet seokjin undefined
yoongi takes taehyung to a room and they spend all night talking and crying and kissing. next morning, seokjin tells them that they should leave the town since everybody knows yoongi died. so tae sells their house & they move to another place.
it turns out, yoongi was attacked by a vampire and would've died if jinmin hadn't found him. the only choice was to turn him, which seokjin did. they took him under their wing. yoongi begged & cried to see tae, but he'd have drained him dry if he went near him.
i'll wrap this up. idk why i've been going for so long. but yeah, yoongi hesitantly steps out of a room from behind jimin. jimin has a hand on yoongi's shoulder as if he's prepared to hold him back if necessary. tae falls on the floor, eyes wide, & jinmin quietly leave them alone
taehyung meets jimin, seokjin's husband, but soon he starts to feel strange. the couple is kind, but taehyung can't help but feel that something is wrong. everything eventually comes to a stop when seokjin stands up & says, "actually, there's someone who wants to meet you."
wow i'm really getting carried away. anyway, taehyung goes with seokjin in his fancy vintage car to the mansion. it's huge and dark and a little terrifying, but seokjin exudes warmth and taehyung finds himself following him inside the house
the man introduces himself as kim seokjin and expresses his condolences for taehyung. he invites taehyung to his house for tea and even though taehyung doesn't really want to, he's tired of talking and smiling with people, he ends up going.
taehyung realises that the man is from the mansion on top of the hill. even when yoongi & tae used to live there, they'd never met the couple that lived in the mansion, but from what they'd heard from the townspeople, they were kind and peaceful people if a little reserved
he's grieving & planning to sell their old house. but one evening, a man sits down opposite him in the quiet diner while he was looking through the menu. the man is gorgeous, elegant and almost regal as he sits poised on the chair opposite his.
hello!! so i was thinking of a quaint gothic fic where tae moves back into a small town in the suburbs where he undefined hoseok had made him move in with them in seoul, but a year later, tae visits the town again
i want it too d: i've thought about taegi fucking on haystacks too often to not do something about it
it's more like seokjin undefined taehyung holds him in his arms and they go to sleep like that. tae doesn't kill him.
so the fic spans across the duration of the revenge as taehyung undefined taehyung. taehyung doesn't really change as much actually
ahhhh that is the best kind of gift!! thank you!!! 💛💛💛💛
thank you love!!!
level 24 😭😭😭 i wish. but thank you!!!
thank you lisa!!! 💛💛
thank youu!!! 🌼🌼
thank you so much amelia!!!!! you've always been so kind. i hope you have a lovely day too!
thank you so much!! i hope you have a nice day too!! please take care and stay safe!
thank you for supporting my ideas & fics!!! i hope you have a nice day too today!! 💛
thank you sara!!!
i want to write the fic solely for this scene :<
thank you kris!!!! 🌼🌼🌼
thank you so much!! 🥺
thank you so much!!!!! 💛💛💛
thank you!!!!
your hair!!!!!! it looks so cute!! and the septum piercing omygod i need one too now
the highlight of today is to change my age in my bio 🍰
aaaand it's my birthday! i hope it's a nice day today! i'm only going to focus on the good things today that i should be grateful and proud of. everybody, please stay safe and take care!!
you were the first person i told!!! thank you for always supporting me!!!! 🥺
the positive responses from last night motivated me to start writing my newly weds! taegi sharing a horse & fucking in a barn.
thank you love! i hope you have a wonderful day too!!
thank you mango!!!!
thank you!!!!
no run bts for a month d:
omygod yoongi looks gorgeous. let him have the cat you monster!!!!
congrats!!!! ✨✨✨✨
thank you love! i hope you have an amazing day too! 💛💛💛💛
😂😂😂 it is my season indeed. i'm a summer child. i love it! i've been eating mangoes all day. but thank you! i hope you have a wonderful day yourself!
thank you so much!! thank you for reading my works and appreciating them! it will always mean a lot to me, and i hope you have a day as lovely as yourself 💛
thank you so much!! i hope you have a wonderful day yourself!! 💛💛💛
thank you!!!! it is going better than i expected. i hope you're having  a nice day yourself!! 💛
taegijin 😭😭😭
thank you!!!! they're gorgeous, thank you for sharing them. i hope you have a wonderful day today! thank you for being so lovely to me always 🌼
don't worry i'm in the middle of writing it. i was motivated by all the positive responses from last night that i started writing it yesterday! 💛
thank you so much love! 🌼🌼🌼🌼
thank you kay, you've always been so kind and supportive. i hope you have a wonderful day and year as well! please take care! 💛💛
thank you amber!!! i hope you have a wonderful day today too! please take care 💛
thank you!!!!
yoongi is tae's soft smol cuddly fluffy cannibal bf who coincidently likes kissing tae better than eating him
hanna r u into cannibalism bc i might just even reconsider then
is that a thing??!!??? bc i want one too
it doesn'tt always work out. im not meant for u hanna, you'll find someone better i promise
ok im just kidding i wont yoongi is a softie he cantttt
maaaayyyybbeeeee (like his pinky finger or smth)
its too late noww
*betrayed* i thought what we had was something special
you are not amusing
:)))))))))
sure....
(fondly?)
*tears falling* we must be soulmates
*puts a hello kitty bandaid*
*smug* bc im on pc and the lack of smileys is making me mad so now i have to use asterisks like a loser
good im planning the designs already what do u say abt a chocolate fountain
good i'll add a height difference kiss just for this in my fic :*
and i feel mighty fine
^^
bts!!!!!!
...
my heart just combusted
i've only seen the first episode of the first season!! and i liked it!! if you have any recommendations, please send them!!! i'm deciding which ones to watch next!
i've only seen the first episode of the first season 😅 and i liked it a lot
i finally gave in and began watching black mirror. you can now expect fics of that genre. my only intention while consuming any kind of media is to find something i can use for a plot in a fic.
🥺🥺🥺🥺 thank you!!!!
best of luck!!!! ✨✨✨✨✨
thank you so much 🥺🥺🥺 i hope you have a wonderful day too!!
thank you so much!!!! 💛💛💛💛
you have no idea what i'm feeling right now. even my essay on ao3 cannot translate my emotions for this fic. you've broken me
thank you so much!!!! i hope the coming year is safe and happy for you and your loved ones too!
also, alice you're terrifying, like it's brilliant because fics usually give me the safety of a happy ending. but with you, i never have a clue and it's both terrifying and wonderful, i love it!!
i was supposed to go to sleep but nope!!! i'm so excited though!!! taegi and yoonjin!!!!
today's run episode put me back into this hell. i've watched the performance about 37 times already
thank you cris!!!!!! i hope you had a wonderful day too! 🌼
i love love the way you write this push and pull between them. especially yoongi, i love the slow unravelling, the way taehyung keeps pulling yoongi into dangerous waters, and yoongi tries to stop but yields and gets pulled in. i also feel awful because seokjin but ahhhh
i feel breathless. just the first chapter had me writing sonnets to you alice, but this will fucking kill me.
taegi trapped in an elevator. the concept i was always waiting for 😌
but imagine: taegi as villains in an arranged marriage, fear and foodplay
this one, it seems, was written only for me
he's so gorgeous 😭😭😭😭
yess i watched the episode too last night!!! i knew it was going to be him 😂 and like good for her!!! yesul deserves to have somebody like him. i feel so bad for her
i'll have to watch those episodes first 😅 i've only seen the first episode of the first season, but i'm excited!!!
thank you!!!! i'll watch those episodes!! it's got really interesting themes and i am literally vibrating because i love weird twisted plots and i can't wait to start writing some based on this show
"who likes to mash up odd tags together with marriage" 😂😂😂
i've only seen that episode too!! i was disgusted (the pig didn't deserve that) but very fascinated too so i'll stay and explore a little longer
it's got interesting themes!! and it made me think a lot!!! i have some half baked ideas in my head atm
thank you!! your words are very kind. i do believe a lot of my struggle comes from the work/hobby balance. writing fics is time consuming, and improving my writing is very important to me. but it requires more time than i can give it realistically.
you word it perfectly. i don't think writing gets easier with time either. it's not like driving. it's a creative process that's bound to be different & harder each time. and i would put the effort into it if it wasn't a hobby. sometimes i feel like it's the worst hobby to have
i tried writing twitter fics but they're not for me 😅 i tried 3 but abandoned all three of them. but it's good that you get the motivation through feedback! if that works for you, then that's amazing! nothing like it.
i get you!!! i wish i could say something to help or inspire you but i'm struggling with this myself. i put myself before the google doc but getting words out is more difficult than it's ever been. i hope you feel better soon :< i know how debilitating it can be
thank you, i think this helped me a lot. i'm still working through some things mentally, but this helped tremendously. thank you.
you worded it so beautifully, thank you!! just reading that alone made me feel better. i'm still in the middle of figuring out what changes to adapt, hopefully it'll happen soon
yes 😭 i want to always churn out different stories, genres i haven't tried before, something challenging, something unique, and at this point, it's so hard to get even a sentence out of myself because i'm so overly critical. i need to change. fast and drastic.
yeah. i'm thinking of ways i can change. because the way i'm going right now, i'm just going to burn out real fast
it started as a hobby, but now it's become this insurmountable pressure to reach perfection. i want to get better at writing. i want to reach a point where writing is easier, more comfortable. but i never do. is it this hard for everybody? it doesn't feel like a hobby anymore
is this a common feeling? it must be. authors, how do you overcome your own dissatisfaction with your writing? i strive to become better at writing, but i just make it harder for myself. and the harder i make it for myself, the lesser i end up writing, in terms of quantity.
to me, it feels like the better you get at writing, the harder it becomes? which is so weird. the more mindful i become of my words, the harder it is to pen them down, the harder it is to be satisfied with what i've written. the more i write, the higher my own standards become.
i've forgotten how to write long fics. how do you do it? where do you get the validation and the patience and the motivation to last you the entire time? where do you get the time? it takes me months just to write ~15k. i can't believe i wrote an 80k fic once.
oh my god
respectfully, sir jimin, i will eat you
you're absolutely correct. i apologize for my foolish query
question: does a dilf need to be significantly older to justify his nomenclature or do they just need to be a dad to qualify?
i loved it so much that i did an entire art exhibition with that show as my theme in the last year of my high school 😂
the closest i'll ever get to bts in this life
i'm wondering the same thing 😂
i spent all night laughing and reading this brilliant, brilliant piece of romcom. a professional love letter writing agency run by namjoon, seokjin & jungkook (who provides bodyguard services) it's incredible!!!!
thank you everybody who responded to this. i feel a lot better knowing it's something a lot of creators could resonate with. i also got a lot of different advice. thank you.
not writing for a few months is actually what i'm considering. i think i need to drown myself in work once again and come back to this when it feels more like a hobby and less like work. thank you for your words!! it feels a lot better to know that this is a common feeling
that does sound relaxing. writing was most definitely easier when i wasn't on twitter. i think less engagement with the fic fandom would help me feel less pressure to constantly churn something out. it'll also put the focus from others to writing simply for myself. thank you!
thank you!! it sounds simple like this. i just make it harder for myself by always putting myself on a measuring stick against other authors or some unrealistic version of myself in my own head
i want to keep this hobby but it's very expensive in terms of the time i have to devote to it to keep a quality curve that keeps going up. but thank you. i think the answer is simply to put lesser expectations on myself and make my life simpler.
why must you do this to me 😭
busying myself with work makes fics and twitter feel so insignificant and i liked that i think. it made me feel less stressed about writing.
i'd been buried in work for the past few days and hadn't written anything and surprisingly i liked the feeling? i just wrote a bit of this and it came to me so smoothly. i think diving deep into work is helping me so i'm going to continue to do that.
after days of daydreaming, i'm finally writing another scene from the nothing lasts forever verse where taehyung and yoongi reveal the truth to the rest of bangtan.
i can't be the only one shaking my head with the boys
i love your mind
at this point i'm just not watching goblin out of spite because everybody recommends it to me. but life is good, i think, it's been a while since i watched it. but i'll try this show! i'm in that weird phase where i'm watching black mirror, courage the cowardly dog and now this
i was just googling him. i watched him in the series life. is the show scary? like is it horror or quasi-horror?
a small thing i wrote when i was feeling bad. yoongi identifies partially as a woman and partially genderless. she has an ambiguous relationship with her body.  taehyung is obviously a sweetheart. they date for a long time.
2/2
taegi au / taehyung asks yoongi out demi-woman yoongi, cis man taehyung  "is this a prank? did your friends dare you to chase me out here and ask me out? are they recording this somewhere?"
i have never cherished each word of a fic the way i did while i read this chapter. it's so beautiful even though i am aware that it's all going to go awry soon, but i can't help be pulled into it anyway.
i worked with an organisation that did a project on street harassment in india. it was a 2 channel video installation but has been edited to be viewed on one screen. if you want to watch it, it has snippets of interviews from both men & women on the matter
i'm here to give it whenever you need it!!! the story is truly wonderful!! 💛
i feel this as an author!!! but i literally just finished the latest cyrano chapter and i'm here to tell you that it is so so fucking brilliant. obviously your thoughts as a creator will be different, but know that nobody here will be judging you as hard you would judge yourself
stop!!!!! i'm getting ideas that i know i will never write!!!
you'd enjoy this fic
i love him
thank you for reading!!! 💛
ahhhh thank you. it was something i could relate to as well and i'm glad you liked it!!! thank you!! 💛💛💛
thank you izzy 🥺🥺🥺
thank you so much!!!!!
thank you!!
thank you so much!! i'm glad you liked it!
thank you!!!!
ahhh thank you for reading!!! i'm really happy you liked it!
thank you so much!!!
someone stop me. i love these ideas too much to share them.
someone please claim it before i do
i went too hard on the alpha tae fest prompt. now i just want to write it myself
ahhhhh i hope you like what you read!
ahh kay thank you!! i'm really happy you liked it!!!! 🌼
thank you so much 🥺
thank you!! i'm really happy you do!
thank you for reading!!
🌼🌼🌼
it's definitely a word now lol! thank you so much!! i'm glad you liked it!!!
umm it's like you put a note "dead dove: do not eat" on something, and somebody opens it and finds...a dead dove, it's like "what did you expect?" it's basically just a tag for morally reprehensible content
enjoy!
eating mangoes :d
thank you!!! this is still my favourite story i've written and i'm really happy you enjoyed it!!
😂😂😂
it's okay, i'm just a little embarrassed of my past stuff, but thank you!!! i'm glad to know that you liked it 🌼🌼🌼
ahhhh that name is forbidden here!!!
me too 😭😭😭
my brain is churning out fics at any given moment. it is hell.
it sounds so fun and chaotic, but i've never written anything of this sort 😭 i'm hoping someone else will do justice to it
i love it so much too but i'm not sure if i could write it myself 😭😭😭 lemme try and swindle other authors to write it
i want to too!!! there's still some days before claiming begins, so lets see
it might never be written if i claim it, but let's see 😅
i really want to but it might never be written in that case 😭
believe me it isn't that i don't want to 😭 but if i start writing, lord knows if it will ever see the light of day
murder husbands taegi is what i live for!! i'm considering writing it but let's see!
it hurts me to write taegi in anything but love d:
my hair loss will be my villain origin story
okay he definitely murdered him. the plot has dramatically advanced since i tweeted it
i promised, didn't i?
there's no electricity because of the storm and i won't be sleeping anytime soon (it's sweltering) i shall try to write a snippet of it
but because this is a fanfic: yoongi falls in love with android tae
alternatively: yoongi murders his husband and buys a look-alike android to keep everybody from finding out
taegi fic idea of the day: yoongi buys an android customised to look just like his dead husband (whom he maybe murdered? that remains undecided as of now)
me
thank you!!! 💛
does anyone know of any interesting exchanges happening? that are not specific to a pairing?
thank you so much!!! 💛
*outside of fics. fuck.
my chest constricts so tight, i didn't even know that happens out of fics. so many emotions...i'm going to pass out
oh my god. when they spoke hindi, i swear i think i ascended to another plane
blessed~
their memes are also at the level of movie posters. how...
*dead*
youre so pretty~
how tf is it our decision anyway. if they want to get it they can, its none of our business
lol i'll post it either way, i'm just considering whether i should post it on twitter or ao3
yes pls to the fic being posted on twitter or to it being posted on ao3?
i don't have a good reputation with twit fics so probably not
i'm considering posting it like a twitter fic, i don't know
do you write on google docs & paste in the ao3 editor straightaway? because this is an issue with google docs. i usually paste the full text into pages/word and then paste that into the ao3 editor. it'll get rid of those extra spaces between italicized words. hope this helps!
"me too" 😂 honestly me too
please!!! i beg you 😭
me too!! i've never written them fighting like this so i'm excited!!
thank you!!!! i'm trying to finish it quickly so that i don't lose the motivation for it
ahhh i'm glad you like it!! i'm so unused to writing taegi fighting like this 😭
a mouth hanging open with no teeth is the worst!!
i got chills while writing it too! i've been trying to improve my argumentative dialogue so this fic will be a challenge
things that crouch!!! hanging mouths! feet! so many things scare me
anyway, the electricity is back! and i'm finally going to sleep! but i'm excited to write more of this au. my first ever murder scene!! i'm excited!!
it’s nothing incriminating, but with how murderous taehyung looks, it need not be.
they’re standing in a secluded corner of the living room, and yoongi remembers jimin had been giving everybody in the party stupid nicknames.   jimin is grinning, and yoongi is frozen mid-laugh, both of them turned towards each other, oblivious of everybody else in the room.
“him.” he nods towards the screen with his chin, and yoongi slowly twists his neck to look at what taehyung was talking about.   he goes stiff when he sees a frozen still of him and jimin from two hours ago.
yoongi sits straighter, eyes narrowing with warning as he turns to face taehyung fully.  “what are you talking about?” he asks, but taehyung is already grabbing the remote and pausing the party highlights that had still been playing in the background.
“are you embarrassed?” taehyung says suddenly, sharply, wiping his mouth with the back of his wrist. “because it was embarrassing to watch you.”
he doesn’t look away from yoongi the entire time, even while he leans forward and slams the glass down on the coffee table with a force that resounds through the quiet house.
he doesn’t reply; instead, his face grows darker, the grip on his drink growing tighter, and taehyung suddenly brings the glass to his lips and drains it in one swallow even though there was half of it—more than half of it remaining.
yoongi absently watches the party’s highlights play on the screen as he sips his whiskey. next to him, taehyung remains silent.  “tired?” yoongi asks, and he watches taehyung’s eyes slowly slide to meet his own.
yoongi sits on the couch in silence and taehyung sinks back into his chair with his drink, ice cubes clinking against the glass as he crosses his legs and retrieves the footage of the party from the house droids’ memory to hook it up to the large display screen in front of them.
he braces himself and twists around as well, striding to the kitchen to pull out two fresh glasses from the overhead cabinet. one for taehyung, and a stronger one for himself—he brings their drinks to the living room where taehyung has settled in his chair in front of the screen.
he hears taehyung twist around and bid their housework droids and chauffeur goodnight, relieving them from their duty for the night.  yoongi stands facing the closed doors for a long moment, until he feels taehyung’s eyes on his back; then he knows he can no longer forestall it.
after three years of marriage, yoongi has learnt to pick these things up.   he’s able to tell the twists and turns in taehyung’s mood by the way he tilts his wine glass and pinches the corners of his mouth.
the silence that engulfs them when the doors close, the last of the party’s guests finally herded out of their home, is foreboding.
—
tags: arranged marriage, chaebol heirs, jealousy, infidelity (brief yoonmin), murder  note: implied character death
want your love & revenge | taegi au  yoongi kills taehyung and builds an android that looks like his dead husband to keep everybody from finding out.
that makes sense! i think i'll give twitter a try and then later post to ao3
i'm leaning towards ao3 because i want to make it a series i think. right now i just want to write a murder scene, and the second part in the series will deal with yoongi falling in love with android tae
seokjin is the only one i take life lessons from
haha i hope you enjoy it! it's not complete as of now, and i'll post the full thing on ao3 as well later. i just wanted to get a part of it out here
taehyung stops the video once again, turning to look at yoongi expectantly.  “so,” he lifts his eyebrows, “is that funny, in your opinion?”
yoongi’s laughter resounds again in their empty house. he isn’t looking in jimin’s direction, but his gums are wide on display before he brings his wine to his lips to conceal it.
“i’m a serial monogamist,” he says, a filthy smirk on his lips, and yoongi hears taehyung quietly scoff from where he’s standing beside him.   but yoongi’s eyes are on himself, and how pleased he looks. “i’m staying faithful to my drink right here.”
he rewinds it, and jimin’s smirk is back. small fingers adorned with rings delicately wrapped around his glass as he swirls the red liquid inside. his earrings sway with every little movement, and his long silver hair parted deeply at the side fall in front of his face.
yoongi can’t believe him, but right when he parts his lips to say just that, taehyung shushes him and gestures at the screen once again.  “let’s watch it again.”
“is that funny?” he asks yoongi as he shifts to face him, back straightening and eyes meeting his.  there’s a cruel twist to his lips as he sits with one arm draped over the back of his chair, legs crossed and gaze calm even though yoongi can see the storm brewing in his eyes.
“i’m a serial monogamist,” jimin is saying, a grin on his lips as he swirls the wine in his glass. “i’m staying faithful to my drink right here.”  yoongi on-screen laughs, and taehyung freezes the video once again.
taehyung presses play.
“answer me,” he says, gesturing towards the screen with the remote in his hand, and yoongi slowly turns around to look at it.   it’s another shot of yoongi and jimin but more people have joined them, taehyung being one of them.
“sit down. you aren’t going anywhere,” he says with a note of finality, and yoongi stares at him in exasperation but makes no move to sit.  taehyung flicks through the videos on the screen until he finds what he was searching for.
he fully intends to retire to his room for the night, but he hasn’t taken two steps forward when taehyung grabs him by the wrist tightly, stopping him in his tracks.
he doesn’t have the energy to go through this, and he lets taehyung know just how ridiculous he thinks he’s being by maintaining eye contact with him as he slams his glass down on the table as well and pushes himself off his seat.
taehyung snaps his head back up to stare at yoongi with a growing aggravation.  “you fucking embarrass me,” his husband spits at him, and yoongi presses his lips into a hard, firm line.
“you were. i invited him here to humiliate him. the entire fucking—” he drops his head in his hands, “the whole point of the celebration was to show him he has no allies here. but you—”
taehyung drags his palms across his face as he groans with frustration.  “yes,” he hisses and looks at yoongi like he knows he’s being difficult on purpose.
yoongi rolls his eyes, purposely, because he knows how much taehyung hates it.  “we were just talking,” he says, with an air of exasperation, then incredulously, he points a finger at taehyung, “you invited him to the party. was i supposed to ignore him?”
taehyung’s face hardens.  “you were flirting with park jimin in front of your husband and our entire team. christ, are you not embarrassed?”
yoongi turns around to meet taehyung’s gaze once again, and says coolly, “what about him?”  if taehyung wants to play this game, yoongi isn’t going to go easy on him.
this twitter drabble only spans until the murder. i'll be posting the fic on ao3 later as well as a series, and the second part of the series will have yoongi falling in love with android tae!
thank you!!! i'm in the middle of writing it and i'm mostly done so it shouldn't take too long!!
it's still not finished but i hope you like it!!!
thank you aaaaaaaaaaa
he's awful throughout :< i'm sorry
he's going to get himself killed 😔
i hope you like it!!
ahhh i hope you enjoy it!! i'll post more as i write! i have most of their argument sketched, just need to write the murder now!
i'm still working on it but i hope you like it!!!
i hope you like it!!
please help me out here, in my latest android murder taegi au, do you hate taehyung as of yet?
i hope you like it!!!
best of luck!!!! you'll do well, i'm sure!
😂😂😂
lmao i shouldn't be saying this either, but i'm very glad to hear that. i wasn't sure if tae was unlikeable enough.
"oh great mango" 😂😂😂 why do i find that so funny
😂😂😂
i'll be looking forward to it!!! 🌼
it'd be in horrible hands i'm telling you. i spend 98% of the day thinking about murder
lmao that's understandable, i don't yet know when i'll be able to work on the second part, but i hope you'll enjoy it whenever you do read it!
i get that! but well, you'll find out when you read more
sexy?? 😂😂😂
it'll be happy in the sense taehyung dies (i feel horrible saying this lol) but no it won't be a traditional happy ending. but i plan to post it on ao3 later, as part of a series, and the second part of the series will have yoongi falling in love with android tae
yoongi murders him 😂 he isn't the one who needs protection
oh neither of them are any good. they both barely tolerate each other. but taehyung is the more jealous & controlling of the two. i'm actually very interested in this challenge of getting people to hate taehyung. i believe i might be successful but let's see!
this taegi fic actually has a plot like that
no that makes sense. i just wanted to gauge people's reaction to him at this point. it's a challenge for me too to make him unlikeable. but he does become much worse by the end, hopefully i'll be able to get everyone to hate his character by the end of the fic
now where's my cheerleading outfit
i'm sorry 😭😭😭 i wish i could say he gets better but he gets worse
“honestly, i almost didn’t,” he admits, and yoongi watches jimin pluck the pinot noir out of his hand and take a sip.  “what changed your mind?” he hears himself ask.
“hey.” yoongi’s lips stretch wide with surprise as he approaches jimin. “i didn’t know you were going to come.”  jimin laughs. his hand briefly comes to touch yoongi’s elbow, a fleeting touch.
their voices cannot be heard amidst all the noise, but the conversation is recreated from the shapes of their moving mouths.   the robotic voice is speaking once again, reconstructing and reciting yoongi’s words in bland monotone.
yet another shot of him and jimin—this one is towards the beginning of the night. jimin had only just entered, and yoongi’s surprise is obvious on his face when he sees him in the crowd.
“lip read reconstruction enabled,” a feminine robotic voice says out loud, and yoongi snaps his head to look at the screen again.
“no, that’s brilliant. because—”  taehyung presses another button on the remote without looking away from yoongi.
“oh, i'm fucked up, am i?” taehyung says, voice steely.  “you’re getting obsessed!”
yoongi punctuates the last three words and he’s almost yelling now, but he can’t bring himself to stop or care.  “and jimin—” he gestures wildly at the screen. “we talked! and i laughed! are you going to put me on trial because of it? don’t go all fucked up!”
“what? acting like he liked me?” yoongi retorts, raising his eyebrows. “and you know what, he probably did fancy me. actually, he wasn’t completely hideous, so in another life—maybe, i don't know, but in this one, guess what? nothing! fucking! happened!”
as expected, taehyung’s face twists with disdain.  “hoseok—he was always—”
“you’re unbelievable.” yoongi deadpans. “you did the same thing with hoseok, and i am not going to go through this with you again.”
he trails off, eyes not moving from yoongi’s face as he leans forward to pick yoongi’s drink from the table and slowly takes a languid sip from it.
“i was just wondering. because nobody, save for you, laughed at it. it was just objectively not funny. so you either have a horrid sense of humor, or...”
“are we really doing this?” yoongi asks him, little inflection in his voice.  taehyung shrugs, nonchalant.
i'm working on today's update of the android murder taegi thread so you can look forward to that in some time!
“you know, when you suspect something, it's always better when it turns out to be true.”   taehyung’s casual tone drags yoongi out of his reverie.
the two of them had been rivals even in business school, jimin had told yoongi.  but things truly only came to the tipping point when, after five years of taehyung gaining experience and working his way up to it, taehyung’s father hired jimin out of the blue and made him the cmo.
they’d won the lawsuit, but that wasn’t important. what was important is that taehyung got an opportunity to shove it in jimin’s face.   hence, the ostentatious party at their house.
jimin had been against the sex droids.  as had a lot of people. as the droids grew more lifelike, the android rights movement gained more momentum in the media, and their company, omelas, was accused of forced prostitution and commercial sexual exploitation of the androids.
“it might be news to you, but not everything i do is about you,” yoongi spits at him and yanks his arm out of taehyung’s grip. “maybe if you got your huge head out of your ass for once, you’d realise the world doesn’t revolve around you and your stupid rivalry with park jimin.”
“tell me you don’t actually like him.” taehyung’s grip on his bicep tightens, and yoongi bares his teeth. “let me guess, you’re just doing it to get a reaction out of me. you are, aren’t you?”
“does it matter?” yoongi sneers and snaps his eyes back to meet taehyung’s. their faces are close, and yoongi watches taehyung’s nostrils flare angrily. “you’re going to believe whatever you want to anyway.”
“this is stupid.” he makes a move to turn around but taehyung grabs him by the arm and yanks him back.  “you can't run from this,” his voice dips low in warning. “answer me. how long have you been going out with him?”
the truth is, yoongi had kissed jimin for no reason other than to spite taehyung. and he’s sure that jimin knew it too.
droids that will give you optimal pleasure, that are programmed and customised to look and behave as per your needs and wants, no matter how forbidden or taboo they may be in society.  “so how long have you been going out with him?”
the merger had announced their monopoly in the android market. their droids were employed in virtually every sector—healthcare, military, research, travel, entertainment, fashion—and their most recent launch were the sex droids.
because while the kims—kim seokjin, kim namjoon, and kim taehyung—had built the hardware and machinery, yoongi’s os team gave the androids the closest resemblance to human understanding and cognition.
his and taehyung’s marriage was a corporate arrangement. the merger had benefited both businesses, even though taehyung and yoongi could barely tolerate each other.
he takes a step towards yoongi, and yoongi involuntarily takes one back.  hardly, he wants to spit, but it is a lie.
taehyung now stands up and swirls around to face him, no traces of laughter on his face, and yoongi has to hold back the flinch that threatens to wrack through his body.  “this is different, and you know it,” taehyung says lowly, gaze not moving from yoongi’s face.
jungkook: a pretty thing, and taehyung’s personal secretary.   yoongi had found them joined at the lips in taehyung’s office. jungkook had looked terrified, but taehyung hadn’t even bothered to remove the arm around jungkook’s waist.
when yoongi remains silent, jaw clenching hard, taehyung barks out an incredulous laugh. “you actually slept with him! this is hilarious!”  “fuck, taehyung, i never gave you shit about jungkook.”
taehyung watches him for a moment. then—  “you slept with him.”
“so…” taehyung drawls once he’s paused the video, resting his chin on his palm as he watches yoongi with a vicious amusement. “just talking, huh?”  yoongi bristles, then spits out defiantly, “fuck, fine, we flirted. we went out once, and i like him!”
“well,” jimin’s smile gains more edge as he leans forward and slips back the stem of the glass between yoongi’s fingers with purpose. “you were going to be here, weren’t you?”
i'm probably going to post it straight on ao3 when i finish it, with all the right tags
lmao yeah it was very distressing for me to write this scene too
😂😂😂
“but you probably already know that. you’d spread your legs for anybody who gives you even a morsel of attention.”
yoongi tries to free his wrists but taehyung’s grip tightens, and he presses their bodies even closer.   his dry lips slide down the column of yoongi’s neck, and for a moment, yoongi is paralysed.
their faces are close enough for yoongi to smell the alcohol in his breath when he whispers.   “you don’t actually think he wants you, do you?” taehyung sneers quietly. “he’s just using you to get at me.”
“what the fuck are you—"  yoongi’s palms fly up to push him away, but taehyung grabs them by the wrists and pins them against the wall on both sides of his head.
yoongi goes stiff when taehyung presses their chests together. his husband gets a thigh between yoongi’s legs and pushes it against his crotch. it shocks a gasp out of yoongi.
“i feel like i've had a bad tooth for years and i'm just finally getting my tongue in there and i’m digging out all the rotten shit.”
his face is impassive, and yoongi didn’t realise they’d steadily been moving across the room.   with each step taehyung took forward, yoongi took one back. and when his back hits a wall, taehyung cages him against it.
thank you 🥺 hopefully they'll all be written & not abandoned
these are the 4 wips i'm working on currently (+ the ongoing medical horror au) but i don't doubt my brain will churn out more plots soon
4. want your love undefined i was very excited because the idea was unique. but midway through the fic, i felt a little sick while writing the lead-up to the murder scene. i'll try to finish it in this week
3. don't fight our fate: a lot of people were excited when i talked about this plot. motivated by their enthusiasm, i started writing it, but i couldn't flesh out taegi's argument so it's on hold for now
2. the devil within: i've talked about it plenty, but i'm too scared to write it because it seems like one of those projects that would work better as a long fic. but i have no capacity to write long fics at the moment
1. for the rest of ours: i had the full detailed outline of this until midway through the fic, i realised that i didn't like it anymore. so now it's under redevelopment
ahhh a tie!!! as promised, the fics are below this tweet
i'll reveal the fics after the poll!
i want to finish and post one wip already. help me pick one just by the titles please (with how often i've posted about them, you might already know them)
i don't feel motivated to work on old wips anymore :/ but i'll try to complete the android murder au and post that on ao3 first. sometime before this week ends
i haven't written much these days, but this was my newly weds taegi fighting then fucking in a barn au   (it's not wednesday but i care little for that)
happens to me too! i just go back to other things for some time till my brain gets the message that twitter is barely significant
but the armpit ahem...lots of thoughts
this was a lot to come back to. i've missed the tannies shitposting like this since 2016-17
i vote for   in the bbmas for the top social artist.
i'm sorry 😭
this one was based on my own anxiety regarding my high school reunion. now if only i had a hot alpha boss taehyung as my fake fiance 😂
i had this bookmarked for like a century and just finished reading it. it was so adorable & funny!!!! thank you so much for all your efforts that went into making it!
here it is!   and the ao3:   the prompting ends in a couple of hours in case you want to send anything
i know right 😭 i hope somebody writes it because i'm quite honestly equipped to handle that level of pain
this is for the broken hearts fest and just looking at my prompt makes me want to cry. i do this to myself deliberately.
oh my god, i forgot this one existed. i have so many ideas. i will never be able to write them all
this is the one!
ahh that was a small scene i wrote for a kissing prompt submitted by somebody. i haven't found a bigger plot to integrate it with so it's not a wip yet. it's stored in my notes though, for when i do find a suitable story for it! i'm surprised you remember it!
thank you!!! wow that is so wonderful to hear, i'm glad you liked it!! 🌼
salt pretending to be sugar 😂 this is the best description of yoongi that i've heard
"whatever you do is unfair" 😂
ahhhh i'm sorry :undefined
it was so so good. thank you!! you did a wonderful job!
wait i just realised this is literally an indian interview. oh my god, that makes it so much better. i need to watch it right now
i love him so much. "looking good is a plus factor not a minus." i'm going to quote that everywhere, especially in this country where if you put effort into your appearance, you're perceived to be prioritising vanity over intellect.
fortunately the doors to the next stop open and taehyung drags yoongi out, and yoongi tries to run but it's not quite possible when he's bleeding and has an egg between his legs. so tae basically lifts him and runs until they can catch a cab
i also made a taegi a/b/o verse where yoongi is an omega on a public transport when he lays an egg and it starts bleeding and every head in the train swivels around to look at him. they all simultaneously pounce to attack him, and tae, an alpha on the same train, saves yoongi.
i crawl on the web searching for answers to absurd thoughts occasionally.
yeah when i read about poultry cannibalism, for the first time i was like "ah i'll have my uterus instead" but in other news, other than us and primates, only some rats undefined having her period d:
happy to impart unrelated information at any time!
the explanation was long, but i chose the period. not because i'm worried people might eat me, but if my skin is going to rupture and bleed anyway, then nope. also imagine wearing an additional pouch for the egg to drop in.
thank you!! i do like these kind of accessories
"rip them out with a fork" 💀 but yes! go test it out and then try to convince your mother.
i have those already!! and they look good. but i want bigger nose rings like these and for them i need a proper piercing :< we're under lockdown so it's impossible anyway, but once that is lifted, i'm going to be raising hell in the house
but to ask for a nose piercing in this household is asking your parents to smack you dead with a slipper
i want these d:
i might claim it? i'm horrible with deadlines and i have never written any pairing besides taegi ahhhhh. to think i was talking about my 4 giant wips just today
i have never taken part in fests/exchanges (beyond prompting) in all the years i've been writing for the fandom but i just saw a really cute vhope prompt...
i really want to write them all 😭 but realistically it takes me a shit ton of time to write even one small <7k fic
i'm sorry!! at this point i'm just giving away the ideas that i planned to write myself but realistically know i wouldn't. maybe someone else would write them and do them justice :<
i gotchu
i know medical horror is the niche of the niche genres, but i really like my medical horror taegi and wish more people gave it a try
i knowww even though i know i will cry
oh my god, two of my prompts for the broken hearts fest & the alpha yoon fest were claimed!! i'm so excited!!
namjoon cmon
that's what i want to know too
yes absolutely!! the questions were thoughtful and interesting. i've felt myself wondering about a lot of things she addressed, and hearing their answers was so satisfying. what i want to know is why jimin kept laughing 😂
which, in a way, is a good setup for creating a sense of horror bc once you shake the reader's faith in a happy ending, the dread already begins. since the readers are already connected to their favourite characters, it's easier to get them to worry about the characters' safety.
a wonderful thread on horror writing. from my experience, writing horror in fanfiction especially is difficult because fanfiction typically assures you that your favourite characters will remain largely unharmed and will be given a good ending.
i cried all night reading this and now i have no idea how to do about with my life
you inspired me to write infidelity too so woo!!
yes!!!
omg yes! i'll dm you!
yes
i do!! no pressure from my side! i'm just happy to live in the little snippet you gave me. thank you! hope you have a lovely day today!
lmao i love writing cliffhangers too. reading them though 😅 but they definitely keep me intrigued so go ahead by all means! and i live for angst so!!!! no complaints here whatsoever
oh my god karla, i will cry. i will look forward to it if you do decide to write it 🥺
i don't know how to move on from this. i need this angst in my life now.
i'm not okay
fuck
i'm sorry 😭
or or or, hear me out please, reincarnated lovers who go through so many wretched lifetimes that they grow to hate each other
yes yes yes!!!!
fuck reincarnated lovers, i want a reincarnated enemies au where the two characters just fight and kill each other in every lifetime
but more importantly, this thread made me realise i pretty much hate all of the other tropes in the list.
you didn't need to go that hard friend.
it helps to have a story that is unpredictable & mysterious. the horror shouldn't lie in the monster/ghost/creature, it should be in the paranoia and the anticipation of that monster. it should be in the reader figuring out if the other bts members can be trusted or not.
don't be afraid to experiment. take it as far as you want to go. make the readers uncomfortable and make them question everything and everyone, including the narrator.
that sounds so fucking amazing actually. i love happy endings, but there's always something so cathartic about reading them in awful situations too, especially when some of their actions aren't conventionally "good" and you get to explore that too. it's super interesting!
okay now we're talking. this is super intriguing like wow, so many possibilities.
i'm so sorry i missed this, but yeah!!!! i was thinking along the same lines. they're enemies but they still find familiarity in one another. so when the bond somehow breaks, there is that gaping emptiness, like you lost a part of yourself
lavender & yellow lol
oh no this is so sweet!!!!
please don't talk about hair fall. each time i run my hand through my hair, some seven strands come out and i die a little inside.
check this fic out! it's really good.
ohh i went googling to learn more about this. i don't think i've read any fic with this trope, but it looks really intriguing!
ohh i've read the two namjins, but oh my god the other two sound so interesting!! thank you!! i have another fic, i haven't read it yet but it's got the lochness monster so?
we do!! and i think you'd enjoy this! it's based on hannibal
this is why you're my favourite person on this app 😌 i already have a plot wait i'll dm you in a minute
check out these two fics! you'll like them
an awful situation where they have to fuck or they die. i've  actually only read one fic with this trope. lemme find the link for you!
(my favourite!)
yes yes yes! folk horror. space horror. gothic horror. medical horror. erotic horror. there is so little horror. science fiction too!! wait lemme find a few fics you might enjoy!
what's an uncommon trope you wish to see more of in the fandom? personally i think we need more fuck or die fics.
i have too many i'm interested in but i'd like to see more of infidelity & ambiguous morality because they're so rare
i feel like crying already
4.
3.
2. i'd honestly pick medical horror over like fluff
poll between harrowing tropes: pick your poison
all of them aren't exactly harry potter aus, but similar:
thank you!!!! just knowing that you liked the taegi bot project makes me really happy!!! i hope you have a day as lovely as yourself today. your tweets really cheered me up! thank you!
when i think about these things, it feels so hopeless.
an extremely insightful series of videos on the issues of gender & patriarchy in india. but watching them makes me feel so awful inside my body.
at this point i just want all of your fictional seokjins from all different universes to become one full godly sentient being whom i can pay to take life lessons from
i read it again and i'm just 😭😭😭😭
frankly you intimidate me
a big yellow!
ahhhh i wasn't fond of love triangles in the past but i've come to like them more now!
thank you!!! this is very sweet. i do have a bot i've kept on private, i just don't know what to do with it yet. i'm still thinking of an idea :<
oh my god 😂😂😂
what whyyy who cares? tweet whatever you want and however you want lmao. besides i already you know like star wars 😂
also his ears twitching??????? "flushed pink and warm"???? i am about to scream!!!!
oh noooooo sheep yoongi and taehyung cutting his hair?????? i did not know how much i needed this until now. wow, this is so going to be a thing for me now.
taegimin au where yoongi is terrified the emperor, taehyung, will leave him for a courtesan if he isn't able to give him an heir. in a fit of desperation, he prays to the fertility god, jimin, to give him a child. in return, jimin possesses yoongi's body for one passionate night.
lmao, take a look at these two:
um yeah
ohhhhh that sounds intriguing!!!
18.
17.
16.
15.
14.
13.
12.
11. yeah, pregnancy is a harrowing trope for me
10.
9.
8.
7.
6.
5.
i hate it 😭 only if i had the energy to write all of my stupid ideas
i only have ideas, no will to actually write them.
taegi husbands to strangers au where, six years into their marriage, taehyung confesses to yoongi that he has paranormal powers of persuasion. and yoongi begins to doubt if they ever truly fell in love.
23.
22.
21.
20.
19.
should i add more polls? i thought of a few more
send some over to me please ._.
*godly possession in this case. but we all know what jimin's like so.
yoongi who cannot control his own body and is left at the whims of both taehyung and jimin.   i swear i'm not even an nsfw account, but something about demon possession sends my synapses flaring.
i'm halfway there already 😂😂😂
ahhh thank you!!! i hope you like it!! and i definitely can't wait to read this! it looks so intriguing, i'm tempted to toss aside all of my real life obligations and just camp under my bed for a day to read it
political thriller!! hedonism!! taegiseok??? i'm not prepared enough for this!! it looks so good
let it slip that i know what ao3 is and watch the fandom descend into chaos
now that the poll is over, please drop the fics 😔
in the long term, you should be happy with what you create. it's all that will ever matter. "although having good art doesn't mean you'll get anything for it" this packed a punch. i wish i could comfort you, but i really don't know the comfort myself :<
you articulate it so well. i've had to make peace with the fact that twitter is the last place i should turn to for any kind of self gratification. likes are a cheap return for all the efforts that went into creating the piece.
i'm afraid you'll have to fight patriarchy and cis penises :<
ahhhhh that's so cute!!! thank you, you always manage to cheer me up 🌼
thank you!! i've really been wanting to explore some of the darker fics in the fandom, and this looks really intriguing!!
i vote for   for the top social artist award at the    -you all just pretend you've suffered
i vote for   for the top social artist award at the    if i were a snowflake, would i reach you faster?
i vote for   for the top social artist award at the    taehyung is tol and friendly and yoongi is smol and deadly
i vote for   for the top social artist award at the    they all say "bastard you're a celebrity now"
i vote for   for the top social artist award at the    the most beautiful moment in life
i vote for   for the top social artist award at the    taehyung's collarbones;;;;;
i vote for   for the top social artist award at the    the cute way jin blinks
i vote for   for the top social artist award at the    try harder, it makes my skin crawl..
i vote for   for the top social artist award at the    even loneliness turns into something you can see...
i vote for   for the top social artist award at the    i keep running and running but i'm reaching nowhere...
i vote for   for the top social artist award at the    take you to hong kong~
jimin and seokjin saying that they were really immersed in the youth concept resonated in my core because hyyh was truly the album for me. it was the time i was rebuilding myself the ground up and had just discovered bts. it was a life altering time for me.
this is the sixth year, i came sometime between dope & run
house of cards
today's fic idea, but watch me abandon it after 500 words
i pity my wips because i am, once again, obviously gripped by another fic idea
don't know if you're still doing this but taegi + yoongi getting railed by his dead husband's ghost?
your writing is absolutely gorgeous!!! 🌼🌼🌼
this still remains my favourite fanart
it's so so good!!
i've just started reading this fic and it takes me a minute to read a paragraph because i'm busy reading and rereading each line and cherishing it under my tongue.
if taehyung gives him an inch then yoongi's imagination will go a mile
speaking into existence
honestly that's bc those chickens are kept in captivity so it's our fault they get eaten :/ humans are the actual plague, i tell you. but yes that poll! so many people picked eggs over period and i was just like!!!! how????
i'm putting more effort into writing taegi's wedding vows for this fic than i would ever put into writing my own if i ever had to
😂😂😂 honestly if laying eggs meant that i could have little baby chickens instead of baby humans that didn't grow into anything but just stayed as little chicks, i honestly would. you get to have sex & get cute yellow chicks to keep in your pocket too!!
as long as you're not laying them, it's all good 😌
it's not possible to love this man any more than i do, and yet each time...
oh my god
i'm writing smut again after i swore off it :/ yes namjoon, humans are truly fickle, you're always right
yes i'm only going to be retweeting cns clips today
i got to see yoonjin doing the cns dance, dreams do come true 🥲
it's the one performance i wanted to see whyyy
fuck i missed cns
i still can't move past still with you
still with you omygod
he makes me so happy 🌼🌼🌼
please come here and let me knock you out with a water bottle
i want to have a water fight with somebody too d:
lmao
he's so endearing i cannot
happy birthday!!! 🌼🌼🌼🌼🌼🌼
it belongs to this fic which i'm surprisingly still writing
today's   is just taehyung licking at yoongi's piercing holes
yes!! 🙌
this is an attack 😭
run bts today!!!
1. it happened quiet by hobimo  • taegi(seok) / 80k • don't go into the forest • suburban horror • cryptid au
a compilation of horror / dark / thriller fics since there is a severe lack of them : a (new) thread
one of my favourite photos of them
ohhh thank you!!! i'm in the middle of reading the hopekook one, it's really funny, and i've marked the taegi!!
yep same. i have no regard for authority anymore
i had no idea where it was going to go, and at one point i swear i was ready to shake yoongi. thank you for writing it, i absolutely loved it!!
i have no idea why i chose to read this before sleeping but fuck it was terrifying, and amazing.
read it with this music and you'll feel the chills
yes! this is the context:
i found a new kind of horror genre that i didn't even think possible. it's exciting but god i'm so fucking scared.
please do!!! i'll mark it to read anyway!!
"lands himself in a marriage and doesn't even realize it" yess it is definitely my thing, thank you!!!
noo i haven't!!!! thank you!!! im excited to read!
lots of drama and gorgeous writing!!
can anybody please share a few fics that you enjoyed?? the genre doesn't matter, but nothing too lengthy (>40k) because i have no self restraint and would end up reading it until morning.
deleting dating apps to find love the old fashioned way (i kill them and build an android that looks like them so that nobody finds out that i killed them. and then i fall in love with the android)
honestly, i don't mind any trope. this one is also fine, but most of the time, it reads forced to me
no one's saying it, so i will: when a female oc involved with one of the members is demonized
nooooo i want
don't judge me but, in my medical horror au, i've reread the bit where namjoon explains to tae how he's going to keep his brain alive an unhealthy number of times
9. requisite by taebles  • taegi / 16k • teacher-student relationship • psychological drama • stalking
8. silverfish sublimity by pinkmatter  • yoonjin & jinkook / 4k • cheating • murder • unhealthy relationships
7. despite this cruel world by me (mangomya)  • taegi / 13k • resurrection au • science fiction • medical horror
6. paper tigers by fringecity  • taegi / 30k • science fiction • medical experimentation • murder mystery
5. breathless by orphan_account  • taegi / 6k • car accident • drowning • survival
thank you!!!!! that fic, honestly, when i read it now, i have no idea how i wrote it. i wish i could churn out something of that level now but :/ i doubt it
i'll add more with time. i'm trying to focus more on darker horror fics this time. if you have any recommendations please do send them to me!
4. annihilation by vlevxn  • jikook / 13k • space au • science fiction • horror • alien sex
3. in the woods somewhere by sharpa  • yoonkook / 17k • wilderness survival • monsters • blind character
2. nothing lasts forever by me (mangomya)  • taegi / 19k • zombie apocalypse • trapped in an elevator • ex husbands • survival horror
wip status: 6 + 2(new!)
i'm not going send my prompts for fests again d: it's like giving away my children only to see that nobody wants them
one of my favourite prompts was dropped, and the other went unclaimed. will i have to write them myself now 😩
like i both hate him and find it hot.
like you all thought taehyung was bad then. please brace yourself now for taehyung humiliating yoongi during sex.
it all happened because i wanted to read some mean taegi sex.
my android murder taegi are going to fuck now. the plot has derailed completely, and i have no idea what's going on except that things are going to grow exponentially worse.
horror!!! yes!!! thank you!! you're my favourite
ohh they both look promising! thank you!!! i'll add them to my list
thank you!! i always love a good thriller!!
sweet home is in my list, i wasn't sure if it was good but since you're suggesting it, i'll give it a try! thank you!
i've seen haikyuu and i've been planning to watch demon slayer for so long, perhaps this is the sign i should start it! thank you!
oh wow the premise looks like it'll be a lot of fun! thank you!! i'll watch it!
yes!! the anime, right? i heard so much about it but i didn't watch it for some reason. but thank you!! i'll add it to my list now!
oh yes that is on my list!!
ohhh it looks good! i'll start watching it right now! thanks!!
anyone's got anime recs? or kdrama recs with no romance?
yes!!!!;;;
the thread that heals my soul
yes!! yes it is
my favourite chaotic vlive from them. it fights with the jinminkook live on the charts and wins solely because of the greater number of tannies in it.
he's stunning!!
it's not his first life on this earth. that is the only reasonable conclusion to make about him
he's who i want to be like. his advice and words are the most helpful for the kind of person i am. he's truly my role model. but how to be like him ahhhh
seokjin's personality is the closest to mine but it's like he's on lvl 7988 while i'm still on lvl 2 :<
insert that meme with friends to lovers fans & enemies to lovers fans duking it out in the background while i, a husbands to lovers enthusiast, remain superior and take a selfie
may she rest in peace indeed 😔 but yes!! baby fruit bat jk staring at his parents with his big unblinking doe eyes until they profess their undying love for each other will remain my favourite trope in this world
hey, who's quoting on private? i wanna see too d: c'mon share it with the class
also consider: "i will fix your tie before you leave for work in the morning because we have a kid whom we have to convince that we are in love" & "i thought you were being contrary because you had another lover, but you've really just been playing hard to get?"
me, but with husbands to lovers:  "oh no i must share a bed with my husband, how terrible" slaps. "we must consummate our marriage" kills me. and don't even get me started on "we hated each other and now i must maintain character, which is very hard when you have just a towel on"
i'm conflicted myself :< i'd go with the angst if the first part of the story was a little happy at least. lemme sit on it for a few days
thank you!!! i was trying to think of something to recommend to you but the blank my brain came up with horrified me. i need to watch these shows immediately. i can't believe i haven't watched any sci fi shows.
lmao don't worry, i've learnt not to take blocks seriously on this app. it's cool. i'm glad you like the angst though lol. we all need some more angst
i really enjoyed these two!
ohh thank you so much!! i was digging for some sci fi references before i started writing taehyung's character.
android taehyung would be the sweetest!!! impossibly beautiful and so so earnest. completely devoted to his creator, yoongi.
we've blocked each other for some reason, so not likely lol
they still have to keep the facade of a happy marriage going so that people don't learn the truth.
on one hand i want to make android! taehyung a blushing sweetheart who loves yoongi with all the power of his operating system. but on the other hand i want to make him unable to feel human emotions and have yoongi feel the pain of unrequited love.
do it do it!!!
my kind of trope!!!!
that's so cute!! but no that universe was officially put to rest :< but! kook as taegi's son will be back when i write the first of these two prompts!
i feel sad, i suddenly miss baby bat jk 😔
why am i only just seeing this photo of seokjin???
the last. 2!3!   i vote for   for the top social artist award at the
it's my one solitary talent 😊
lmao, i just wanted to write a twisted version for it!
pov: you've caught a student staring at you through the window in the classroom three times this week. when you return home, the door to your apartment is unlocked even though you remember locking it. your colleague, the history professor remains missing for the third week.
i was wondering how yoongi would hide the truth with time, but i figured he can update taehyung's appearances every few years, replacing his skin grafts etc. but eventually he'd shut him down and taehyung's death will be a "mysterious disappearance"
i don't know what to tell you. it's literally my job to put them in the worst situations i can conceive
ohhh thank you!! i'm going to watch it!
only you'd respond to my tweet about a fluff/angst conundrum with a "even more angst"
exactly 😔 i'm going to sit on it for a while
i am in the middle of writing it so hopefully it'll be done soon!
this bee fic has awoken a new kind of monster in me. i've been too serious in my fics. i need to pen down some absurdity. is there scope of an absurd horror genre hmm
my faith in this fandom is restored.
i am...at a loss of words. this is the strangest fic i've read but i also, worryingly, want to read more. i am awfully impressed and terrified.
so i did something in return!! that's a doodle of shaun the sheep (if you couldn't tell 😅 i messed up the mouth) because im still obsessed with your fic!! anyway, i hope you're having a lovely day!
thank you!!!! this makes me more motivated to finish it fast!
android murder au taegi about to go at it before they start the killing.
this is so stunning wow!!!!!
i mean, this is my google history of the past 5 minutes so the tweet was truly targeted at myself but if the shoe fits 😂
writing is 10% typing and 90% searching for synonyms to find the right word
no but i just saw it!!! thank you for the rec!! my tweet was inspired by this fic actually!
you want mine too 😂
😂😂😂
holy fuck yes!!!!! yes yes yes that's perfect!
got too long but yeah a little mini drabble lol
exactly!!! he'd be so smart about his crimes too. i'm imagining yoongi as the professor he'd be infatuated(?) with. seokjin and jimin as the cops? tae & jk as the other students. hoseok as another professor. i'm getting too carried away with this lmao
husbands taegi and their local tree spirit in one giant polyamorous marriage 😂
ohh this is just the tip of the iceberg. that movie was insane. you'll be in for a ride. i hope you'll enjoy it!! lemme know if you do watch it!
your brain, please. give it to me.
😂😂😂
don't tell anybody but i've thought about this to an embarrassing extent. imagine. i'm a manglik myself lol and this is the fic where i'll take out all of my incredulity
ahhh thank you!! it was a spur of a moment idea so i'm glad you liked it! i haven't held a pen or drawn in ages lol.
yes, it is inspired by the indian film andhadhun. an andhadhun au, if you will.
taegijin au where yoongi, a pianist pretending to be blind (for "inspiration") was invited to play for a couple's anniversary at their house, and it's as he's playing taehyung's request: eagles' desperado, that he witnesses seokjin's silent murder but has to keep playing blind.
also some forest deep in the mountains kind of story, mystery with mythical religions and lonely gods. breeding kinks and demon possession. all the lore. i have no idea what im saying but just that dark fantasy kind of vibe
medical horror!!!! because you're like actually qualified to write it
this is the source! i'm sorry i only just found out
ahhh thank you!!!!!
tslot* ahhhhh im sorry im on my phone and i cannot type on it
this is quite literally what tsot hoseok looks like in my mind.
it is!! andhadhun! the scene was so funny, the ayushman khurana having to keep playing while they stuff the guy's body in the suitcase, it's been engrained in my brain ever since i saw it
idk but addressing yoongi as "the software bro" just cracked me up 😂 idk why the it sector just really suits him for since reason
ahhh thank you!! i'm very happy you enjoyed it!! thank you for reading 💛💛💛
not sure if that's a good thing 😅 but thank you! i'm glad it left an impression
ahhhh thank you so much!! it means so much! and i just read your comment and seriously, it was so sweet. thank you, you really made my day!
i like twisting tropes so what i had in mind was this. i really like the idea of two people residing in one person's body. so in this, yoongi offers taehyung his soul in exchange for tae's help, but seokjin won't let taehyung harm yoongi.
remains my favourite photo of him
taegijin!!! my favourite trio! i really want to write them next!
there's a reason for that lol and it is that i'm not good at it 😂 writing interactions between two strangers is idk, maybe it's because i'm not good at talking to strangers myself
psychological thriller wow, i really wanna try that!! i haven't finished watching strangers from hell (still on ep 1), but creepy neighbours would be so cool to write!
give me a few days, i'm writing just that! not coworkers but husbands (obviously) my goal is to finish it before the end of this month!
and infidelity!!! yes! forget my other tweets, i think you'd write infidelity very well!!
thank you!!!! the murder is the only thing keeping me going!! i'll try to push through!
please motivate me to finish and post it soon 😭 i just wanted to write some murder. why did i get stuck with smut
this is how i like to be greeted, thank you
ahhhhhhhhhhhh hello
at least someone is 😭 i've been stuck on their fingering scene since forever and i'm so close to giving up entirely
i've been there lol. it's not a nice feeling.
😂 thank you. i hope i finish it so you can get the opportunity to love it
very true!! but taegi in this fic just don't do awkward d: they're proud chaebol husbands who hate each other and are having hate sex lol. and those sonnets are not the lovely kinds of sonnets. tae basically humiliates yoongi. i said sonnets because his dialogues are really long
i'm trying to fix it :< long dialogues just read so unnatural during sex
my taehyung was reciting sonnets to yoongi until i forcefully stopped him. each time i write smut, i am reminded why i swore off it in the first place.
the android murder fic was supposed to be finished by the end of june, but only halfway through the smut did i realise how awful i am at writing dirty talk
his underarms look so clean and nice, i feel envy among several other things
i'd love to! but english isn't my first language :< so i'm not sure if i'd be of any help
yes, thank you!!! finally someone let them know i need to see baepsae!!
like, i think of it as a personal challenge to write as many plots i can with the same trope, but i wonder what people who don't know me think of it. it intrigues me.
sometimes i wonder what those who visit my ao3 profile for the first time perceive about me
i'm not anon but reading your response was so nice, because oftentimes writing feels so lonely and i have no idea if other authors go through the same sorts of problems. this was nice because i feel the same! thanks for writing it! hope you have a lovely day!
yess!! and here is my favourite fanart of it so you can rest your eyes on it as well!
it is!! i just need everybody else to realise it too
you deserve a lot more and i will not rest until you get it. you'll most definitely see me screaming about it incessantly on this app. but yes, writing for yourself is the most satisfying feeling too! i hope you enjoy writing it because that's what's most important
nooooo i will flee all your doubts!! this fic is the 1080px fic living in an ungrateful nasty 144px world. please, i'm so excited about it, you have no idea!
thank you, i'm sure i will!!
same. i feel so indignant each time i go through my bookmarks and see the number of hits & kudos on it. like??? people???? do better!!
what's with the "though" lmao i live for arranged marriages!! thank you!
please support authors in their ongoing stories instead of waiting to consume it at the very end. your words could be the encouragement they need to keep writing.
found myself thinking about this fic once again, and it's got such great writing, i want to shake everybody and scream at them to read it!
help me out please and send the link 🥺
taehyung deepthroats watermelons while his brother's fiancé yoongi struggles to keep his and taehyung's relationship platonic in front of their families for the duration of the wedding celebrations.
thank you, this is lovely 🥺
????
this is the first thing that came to my mind after seeing those concept photos
i'm really trying :undefined i'm still trying to push through though
in a few days hopefully 🥺
is anybody willing to read this filthy hate sex for me right now? and tell me it's not completely trash?
i cannot describe how wonderfully wholesome this fic is!! pirate captain seokjin and a filthy flirt jimin on a journey to save jungkook from a ghost ship!! what more could you ask for in a fic
i might be able to finish the fic today?? i think? need to polish what i wrote yesterday and write another 1k to wrap it up. things are looking good! (for now)
ohmygod!! it looks so good like look at his eyes 😭😭😭
😂😂😂 ngl i find it hot too
i know right??? boyfriends has just never been enough for me. it's like tae latched onto yoongi the moment he laid eyes on him, and yoongi, the simp that he is, went down on his knee(s) two hours later.
omg thank you, this is so encouraging and uplifting, you're very sweet. best of luck for the thesis!! you'll be stunning, i'm sure of it! i've made a lot of progress today so hopefully, i'll finish it very soon!
😂😂😂 thank you
oh i love jimin's too lol "an aura that makes you feel incredibly welcomed and entirely diminished in one"
the fic:
i love when the author's love for the member just shines through the fic so prettily, it steals my breath away. "an overlarge shirt that is probably just the right size for his personality" i'm never gonna forget this description of tae, it's so cute
that's an issue with google docs. simply paste the text in pages/word and then paste that in the ao3 editor. you'll lose the spaces
you will do it!!! i know it!
*it feels like. i have forgotten how to write.
finally i have reached the murder scene. i wrote the entire fic just for this, but now this feels like this is the most unrealistic part of the fic lmao
smut writers, you have my utmost respect
oh my god
nooo this fic is a gift for you!! so it's a surprise!
omg it's okay if you're busy! but if it's okay um let me dm
please i'm almost crying inside, i don't know why i'm always insecure of my writing when i post it, but i hope you like it!!
aaa i hope you like it!!
i hope you enjoy it!! ☺️
i hope you like it!!!
now i'm gonna go & pray i didn't miss any embarrassing errors
this is vastly different from the thread fic i posted on twitter some time ago. i hope you like it!
what the heart wants | pt. 1  - taegi au - arranged marriage - infidelity, jealousy, hate sex, murder
i'm done?? it doesn't feel real
ohhhh i'm excited. i made a map for a fic i never ended up writing and this site gives really fantastic high quality fantasy maps in case you're interested:
i knowww 😭 but i'm so impatient
lmao
ahhhh thank you!! i'll push through it i know :< but i'm so tired too.
seriously, i'm like 400 words away from finishing this fic but i am also considering pressing cmd + a & delete
unlikely. after writing literally everything else, i have no idea how yoongi kills taehyung. you'd think i'd be better prepared but nah
another day of hoping i can finish the fic today...
aaaa i hope you like it!!!!
thank you so much, you're always so lovely 🥺 i'm really grateful. i always feel insecure whenever i post something new but your words are an anchor and keep me going. thank you so much, really 💛
you're an angel, thank you so much love 💛💛💛
thank you so much aaaa
i hope you liked it!!!! ☺️
i saw your comment!!! you're a sweetheart, thank you so much!!! 💛💛💛
hope you enjoy it love 🥺
ahh best of luck with the deadlines!! i hope you enjoy it when you do read it!!
aaaaaaa i saw your comment and messages and you're so sweet ;_;
i never saw myself writing any of those either 😂 but i saw black mirror once and was never the same person again lmao
i hope you like it when you do read it!! and i hope you had a good sleep too! 🌼
i hope you like it!!! they're all themes i've never written before but it was a lot of fun to explore them!
they all have smut!! why do they all have smut???? who and what possessed me when i was making the outlines???
i need a new fic idea. i hate all of my wips.
i hope you like it!!!! 💛💛💛
thank you!! i hope you enjoy it!!!
i hope you like it!!! 🌼🌼🌼
yoongi so pretty
it sounds so nice????? but i also know the actual song will sound nothing like this so???
holy hell
omg are these clips from the new drama mine? i watched her in sky castle and i really liked her!
i hope you like it!!!! 💛💛💛
thank you!!! i cannot make moodboards to save my life (and i studied design, i have no excuse) so i've resorted to making simpler covers
thank you for the 2k followers!! i posted my murder taegi fic last night in case people missed it! please read the warnings carefully
i have some free time now, and no will to write any of my wips. reply with a trope & a pairing, and i'll pick a couple and write a small drabble for them. they needn't fit my married taegi agenda. they needn't be taegi either. i'm very partial to rare pairs and underrated tropes.
of course this is the one you like 😂
i'll regret this tweet in the morning but eh
each time i finish & post something on ao3, i feel like i finished an estrus cycle and i'm available! breedable! which wip wants me?
i should be sleeping but this is what i'm doing
[puts on taegi glasses] taehyung likes to lick yoongi's face when they're kissing, likes to taste his sweat, his skin—above his lip, his chin, jaw, the swirls of small hairs below his sideburns where his jaw ends—and yoongi's always like "you fucking dog, oh my god" but (fondly)
if anybody has more recs, please send them to me!!!
stopping this nonsense this instant. here are a few stunning jinmin fics: please give their authors lots of love
honestly, the fact that jinmin is a rare pair has never made sense to me. like have you not seen them???
aahhhh thank you for recommending it!!!
thank you so much love!!! i was just brainstorming for the next chapter and i'm eager to get started on it!!
sure!!
yes!!!! come at me!
am i horny?
*looking at all my google docs* taegi fucking before they die, taegi fucking in a barn after they fight, taegi fucking on their wedding night, taegi fucking after they almost get eaten by cannibals
married 💛
he's going to unhinge his jaw open and just swallow yoongi in one go like a snake.
i am weak
it began with hoseok taking care of taehyung but evolved into something else. i hope you enjoy it!
(2/2)
vhope | military au. hoseok is a beta, and taehyung in an alpha whose heart bleeds for him. (1/2)
i started writing one and of course, it's now long since crossed the threshold where it could still be called a drabble.
yes!! i imagine tae being all eager and enthusiastic like a big puppy who doesn't know he's big, and yoongi is all ugh but we all know he's a simp for him, a fond one too
one where all 6 of them try to woo yoongi under the feeble excuse of house hunting. taehyung, seokjin and jimin drafted the letter. namjoon very reluctantly proofread it.
it looks so good!!! thank you!!
have a safe flight!!
ohmygod yes that's the day i'm waiting for
thank you!! i'm here for you too! i'm still here, just letting go of a few things that were more harmful than good.
thank you for reading them!! that has meant more to me than i could ever describe!
thank you kay, i've talked about my weird headspace with you before too. i thought i'd get over it but it's been happening for so long, it was time to let go of some things
thank you so much!!! i didn't want to drop my stories but it's just something i have to do for my own sake. thank you for your sweet words, i don't intend to move accounts unless i really have to! i'll definitely let you know if i do!
whether i move to a new account or stay here will depend on the next few days and how i feel during that time.
so, thank you. i’ve been writing for this fandom since 2016, and it’s been a lovely time.
it was one way i could keep valuing myself despite the past two horrible and confusing years, so thank you. i could keep going because of you, but i feel like that is a false metric to measure my worth against and i need to reevaluate my priorities.
so many of you have been sweet and supportive, and i am really grateful. during this pandemic, writing fics has been incredibly important to me. i had nowhere to turn to, and reading people’s positive responses and encouragement made me sense some worth in myself.
lastly, my fics. i didn’t know what to do with them at first. orphaning and losing control over my stories has never felt appealing. i did consider deleting them, but they didn't deserve that so i've decided to leave them be.
i know most of you followed me for the writing so feel free to undo that decision. that is one more thing i need to stop caring about. followers.
it's been very difficult for me to separate being an army, being on stan twitter, and being a fic writer in this fandom. it's all tangled up, but i'm going to try and separate some of the strands now. i'm still going to be here, on twitter, but i'm no longer a content creator.
hello, the taegijin drabble is my last work here. i need to focus on some other things in my personal life, and fanfiction has not only been immensely time consuming, but it’s also been damaging my mental health in more ways than one. and i think it's time to let it go.
i can never stick to the prompt i'm sorry. my mind runs elsewhere :|
taegijin | historical au, arranged marriage, cuckolding, dub-con  yoongi gets fucked by the ghost of his ex-lover while his husband watches.
thank you so much love!! change is always hard for me, but i'm trying. i hope i can continue writing when i'm a better place. i'm still here so it's not a goodbye, only a redefinition of my purpose on the app and in this fandom. thank you for the hug!! i'm sending one right back!
thank you!! you're very sweet! i wish you the best too! i hope you have a wonderful time and year ahead!
thank you!! it'll take some time but hopefully, eventually, things will be better! thank you for reading my works, that's always the thing i'm the most thankful for. i hope everything goes well on your end too!
thank you so much for reading my stuff!! i'm still here! so it's not a goodbye, just a redefinition of my purpose on the app. but i hope i can go back to writing once i'm at a better place ☺️
thank you so much!!! i don't regret the time and effort i spent into writing because the result was always worth it, and i hope i'll be able to continue it when i'm at a better place in the future!
thank you!!! you've been so immensely supportive and encouraging, and i'm so grateful, you have no idea. i'm still here and i'll still be talking about all sorts of things with you so it's not the end. just a redefinition of my purpose on this platform 💛
thank you!! i still enjoy writing and i hope i can get back to it when i'm at a better place than where i am right now! thank you for reading my stories, it means so much to me 💛
thank you!! you were the first person i grew comfortable with on this app, and you were the one who made me grow serious with my stories. i can't thank you enough for it. thank you for everything you've done for me! it'll always mean a lot to me 💛
thank you!!! yes, i definitely hope that i can!! i haven't lost my love for writing! thank you for reading my stuff, it means a lot to me, more than i can ever articulate
thank you so much for your sweet words and support!! change is always difficult for me, but i know it is the right decision so i'm gonna stick with it. thank you for reading my stories, it's always going to mean much more than i can ever describe
"as sweet and bright as the sweetest and brightest mangoes" stop making me cry!!!! thank you so much, thank you for reading my stuff and thank you for being so supportive. i'm still figuring out some stuff but i'm still here! so this isn't a stop, just a change in direction
just the thing i like to come back to
thank you!!!! that's what i want to be known for lmao
"outside of the mango=married taegi joke" lmao thank you. but no i intend to stay here, unless something drastic happens. making a new one has always felt more effort than its worth.
thank you so much shivani! it really means a lot, and it makes me very sad to stop writing because i'm honestly forcing myself to drop it. but hopefully it'll be good for me in the future.
thank you!! i know it wasn't what your prompt said but that's what my brain thought of when i saw your tweet
after accidentally murdering his husband in their house, yoongi and his lover taehyung hurriedly shove the dead body in a truck under the bed, moments before their noisy friends come over to celebrate diwali at the house
you look so pretty!! my teenager self shared the same dream and would be sobbing if she ever saw you
that looks so good oh my god, and i just finished eating why would you do this to me?
thank you!! that fic has a special place in my heart, thank you for reading it! i'll feel better soon, hopefully, and i hope you have been better yourself! wishing you a wonderful day and year ahead! 💛
an a/b/o verse??? alphas! vmin & omega! yoongi. after yoongi, taehyung takes his turn having jimin too.
my brain didn't get the memo that i've stopped writing. somebody please write this for me, i can't rest until i read it.
jimin enjoys watching them more than he thought he would. and so it goes.
taegimin au where yoongi and jimin get caught trying to dispose of a dead body. but the inspector, kim taehyung, offers to delete the video on his phone if jimin lets him sleep with his husband.
ahh thank you!!! i'm glad you like it
hello!! i started it with a lot of enthusiasm and was writing wedding vows with more passion than i would ever put into my own. but then things happened :< i really i hope i can finish it sometime in the future
and this is the fic i was in the middle of writing for you   i'm sorry i couldn't finish it. maybe i can someday:
but i'm trying to fix it! another thing on my agenda was to close my ongoing stories, so here’s a link to my ambitious outline for what i intended to write for the taegi medical horror au, in case anybody’s interested:
but people messaged me believing they’d offended me, so i'm not really sure what i should do. i would’ve moved to a new account to start afresh but i have a lot of my writing here i can’t take with me and i have a lot of users that i’d like to keep blocked so yes. it's a mess.
i soft-blocked / unfollowed several people over the last few days not because of anything anybody said or did. my anxiety just works in strange ways and makes me think that doing things drastically is the only way to start afresh.
oh my god, yes i feel that too. i wasn't traditionally "feminine" either. people look for just about anything to discriminate.
this was such a fun read!!!!
my new favourite video on the internet
ohhh i'm glad someone knows my pain 😭 i didn't know the song names or artists and i couldn't find them on limewire or whatever i used back then. those recordings were my life. i also got to name the songs as i liked bc i didn't know what they were called lol
i want to go back and hug my past self. after all that, my dorm mates still made fun of me for liking japanese & korean music :/
so i could record them on my mp3 player and listen to them in school. the recordings were so bad, they had people screaming, doors banging, kitchen utensils making noise in the background. so each day i would try to make a cleaner recording & scream at my family to shut up.
i remembered a pitiful memory from the past that i now feel inclined to share: i was in a boarding school undefined ending songs. i used to stand beside the tv and wait for the songs +
no one's doing it like you 💛💛💛
it starts feeling too real to remain fiction :<
if there's one thing i have trouble reading in fics, it's financial struggle. gimme murders and demonic possession and cannibalism. but let them all be rich please.
thank you!! i'm glad you liked it! i didn't like that i had to abandon the fic when i'd planned so much of it. but this way, i can bring some kind of a closure to it at least
ahhhhh thank you!!! i'd love to read whatever you wish to write!!
i knowww i had this idea and now i can't sit still, i'm vibrating
if they're willing to write it, i'm not above begging 😭 who is it?
in one singular moment of lucid rage, yoongi meets taehyung's wide red-rimmed eyes and brings the axe down in one powerful blow to the back of the alpha's neck, burying it there before pulling it out and bringing it down again and again till the man's head hangs off his neck.
while blindly patting the walls of the shed, yoongi's frantic fingers finds an axe, and he breaks open the wooden door and then runs to the house where taehyung is grappling the bastard on the bed.
when their husband learns of their plans from a neighbour who caught sight of taehyung and yoongi on the bus stop, he drags their thrashing bodies back to the house by the hair and locks yoongi in the shed while he carries a screaming taehyung into the bedroom.
they cover themselves with fabric and leave the house in the dead of the night to catch the last bus departing their town. but they live in a small town, and their husband is a revered religious teacher, popular amongst the town folk.
yoongi contacts jungkook to prepare for taehyung's escape. but taehyung begs yoongi to come with him, then threatens that he won't leave if yoongi doesn't. they argue until yoongi, in his desperation to get taehyung out of there, agrees.
taehyung pleads with yoongi to escape with him, but yoongi rebukes him for his foolishness. until one day yoongi isn't at home to prepare the lunch, and their husband shoves gravel into taehyung's mouth and forces him to chew on the stones because "it's what his rice tastes like"
taehyung had made arrangements to run away with the help of his younger half-brother jungkook on the wedding night itself. but when he sees the other omega, he can't leave him. for yoongi, he stays, even though the older omega is ceaselessly disdainful and dismissive of him.
tw domestic violence  bringing back one of my first au ideas since i was thinking about it today. ages are altered: yoongi is 31, and taehyung is 22 & in yoongi's mind "naive" as he treats yoongi's wounds behind the curtains in their room with wide eyes and quivering fingers.
you like the "keeps past suitors in an underground bunker with a pet octopus" trope? 😂 because friend, you have impeccable taste
thank you ;-; you're so sweet
yess!!?!!!!!! i'm so emotional you remembered that tiny drabble. i went back to read it again and now i'm sad :<
taegi :)
you're partially responsible for this drabble lmao. because of you, i started looking at my old ideas and found this
thank you!!!!! it's a very old idea but i love murderer omegas!!! i'm happy you liked it!!
i'll give you that and more! please take it!
thank you!!! it was supposed to be some 2 or 3 tweets but i got carried away. i'm glad you liked it!
i wouldn't say i'm back 😂 it's just hard to stop doing something when you've been doing it for so long. i remembered this plot and my fingers started twitching. but these kinds of threads aren't stressful so it's probably okay. i'm happy you like it!!!
also i did not consider if a body can burn inside a tin trunk. so they probably took it out of the trunk first. again: spontaneous writing.
very spontaneous writing. my brain did not get the fucking memo that i've stopped writing.
not far from the diner is a barren plot of land where they set the car aflame and stand silent as the flames rise into the sky. the future may be uncertain, but with their bloody hands clasped together tight, yoongi can finally exhale slow and deep—  they're finally free.
the morning draws dangerously closer, but neither of them can rest until they've safely left the town miles behind them. they find a public call box, by some fortune, where they're able to phone jungkook, and the alpha is instantly agreeing to meet them at a diner close-by.
the trunk goes into the back of their husband's ambassador and taehyung goes behind the wheel. yoongi runs back to shove what meagre amount of possessions he treasured into his bag, along with the money and jewellery his husband kept stashed inside the big almirah in their room.
"okay," yoongi whispers into the gap between taehyung's lips, and kisses him again. "we'll do it together." and they do. they lug the body into the trunk together and then drag it to the front of the house when taehyung reveals his brother taught him how to drive.
"you promised," is all taehyung says, voice quivering but resolve strong in the wet sheen of his eyes. and when he grabs yoongi's hand and pulls him closer, yoongi goes easily and lets himself be kissed by the salty lips. "i'm not leaving without you."
yoongi gets up then, and taehyung pulls the bloodied sheets off the bed, wrapping the bulky body in it. but before he can haul it inside the trunk, yoongi stops him by the wrist. taehyung yanks it away, and yoongi finally catches sight of the tears streaming down his face.
taehyung doesn't reply. just stays there, holding yoongi in his arms for a long moment, before he finally gets up and leaves the room. when he returns a few moments later, he's lugging a large tin trunk on the floor behind him.
as they lie tangled together on the bed, neither of them willing to leave the other, yoongi quietly tells taehyung to take the money in the house and leave. he'll deal with the mess, he says, he's the one responsible for it.
they cry and pant into each other's shoulders, fingers frantically searching each other's bodies for injuries. taehyung shakes his head in response to yoongi's silent question, and the fright leaves yoongi's body, shoulders and spine finally sagging in taehyung's embrace.
the alpha's shouts die in his throat, blood dribbling from his lips and splattering across taehyung's face who throws him off the bed and then surges up and brings his arms around yoongi's neck, pulling him into a tight hug against his chest.
yes! any ship! any genre!
while you're here, here are a few recs from my side:
does anyone have fic recs? all the fics in my marked for later are over 100k :| and i really need to study later today so yeah
that's more than i've ever driven in my life. it's sexy
thank you!!! i just think more people need to write some murderer omegas 😌
thank you!!! it is so cute and now i am jamming to the the dance soundtrack in the synchronised swimming game
this is gorgeous!!! ✨✨✨
each day seokjin wakes up, he chooses violence
i love this imagery 😂
you deserve only the kindest comments!! that fic was the sweetest thing i've read all year!!! i honestly love everything you write and i'm slowly going to make my way through your fics 🌼
im excited to read it!!!!! whenever you wish to post it!!
it's all fun and games until seokjin smiles. then i have no knees.
exactly 😌
yoonmin estranged vampire husbands au where they wake up after centuries and find themselves trapped inside one coffin
really need some evil jimin fics
happy birthday!!! may only the most wonderful of things come your way ✨✨✨
same. there's so much anger inside me, i'm scared of what'll happen if i actually see them.
wtf why would they contact your parents?? that's so fucking weird. tell them to block your classmate. i ghost all my batchmates any time they text me. like you shame my body and bully me for 8 years and you still have the audacity to ask me to "reconnect" fuck off
the closest i will get to wringing a neck is when i meet my high school dormmates again. nobody should dare to invite me to a reunion if they don't want a massacre.
you're going to see me recommend it to everybody i know 😂 i'm not going to shut up about it for the next 5 years at least
thank you 😂 i'm going to think it a compliment
i haven't read the yoonkook!! thank you! and lmao yeah i am noticing the theme, wait lemme add something cheerful to your collection
thank you so much!! 🌼
im sorry, but it reminded me of this video 😭
ahhhhhhhh i'm flattered :'> but oh my god why can't they just hold hands!!!!!
i made a full list of 144 episodes and spent an hour arranging them in order of how much i liked each one of them 😭
found my little birdie au again and my eyes are suddenly watering
can some kind soul tell me where this is from
it is unfathomable to me how each time i get to see a sliver of yoongi's skin, i suddenly cannot recall if i ever saw his skin, which is absurd because he has skin. yet somehow the lesser skin he shows, the more sordidly affected i grow
my favourite run episodes (currently): 1. bts undefined 41)
tae is an actual pupper oh my god
i spent way too long on this lol. made a full list of all the episode names and their numbers and then spent hours sorting though them to select my favourite episode
obviously no author is obligated to reply. my point is that sometimes writing fics and writing comments aren't very different. both bring delight to people with their words, so if you enjoy somebody's writing, perhaps let them enjoy yours too.
i try to capture all the delight i felt while reading a fic and give it back to the author, and when i get a response from them, it makes me very happy. to know that i could cheer up this lovely stranger probably across the world with my words.
we always talk about the joy of receiving comments on your fics, but have you ever grinned while reading the author's reply to your comment on their fic. there's so much happiness in knowing that your words could bring joy to them, like you could give back for what they gave you
it's 4am and i'm sobbing over this fic. it's so beautiful
seokjin would totally do it too
i just ran with the strange plot for a few minutes, now i don't know where to take it lol
which seokjin finds mildly concerning but the frog provided by the palace (jimin, as it'd been named by the prince, or so seokjin was told) is too loud and distracting for seokjin to properly interrogate his brother and all of his terrible intentions and inclinations.
jungkook cannot tell one convincing lie to save his life, eyes too big and honest, so taehyung is the one who's dressed and spruced for the occasion. he looks a little too excited at the prospect of cheating the men who could have their heads on a platter if they learnt the truth
he's a businessman and he's not responsible for the half-witted men who wish to date their frogs. if there's a demand for seokjin to swindle the rich out of their wealth, seokjin is more than willing to supply it. and if their future king is a fool, it is not his folly.
it's one thing to fool minor lords and distant nephews of barons, and a thing entirely different to fool royalty, the future king to be more specific. but then again, kim seokjin cares very little for specifics.
and taehyung & jungkook are happy to go along with it—jungkook for the promise of fancy food, and taehyung for a chance to mingle with nobility, if only to fool the bastards—but then one day seokjin's services are requested by royalty, specifically by the crown prince, min yoongi
an au where seokjin runs a scam that promises to turn frogs into handsome dates for a night. people would give him their frogs and seokjin would dress his handsome little brothers in fancy clothes and have them accompany the lonely lords and ladies to balls and dinners
i got a weird au idea in my head. obviously now you'll all have to hear it
oh my god i didn't even think people would think that, you scared me for a second there. it was a terrifying thought, please don't think of me getting married, it scares me
baepsae & boyz with fun. you play them at my death and i'll erupt out of the funeral fire like a fucking phoenix
the final two months are jungkook's, the man yoongi married first. he'd been concerned the alpha would be furious with the new arrangement, but to his utter surprise, the youngest can only fuck yoongi when his older brothers are seated in the room, humiliatingly egging him on.
taehyung has him next undefined sucks his nipples, teases him until he drives yoongi mad before he fucks him until he cries.
after jimin, namjoon finally has his turn. these two months yoongi spends half in exasperation with namjoon's moral dilemmas about the nature of their marriage and half in exultation because his endearingly thoughtful husband makes up for his long tirades with his big dick.
while age allocates the next two months to namjoon, he lets jimin have yoongi first. on the edge of his patience after seeing yoongi with hoseok for two months, jimin is brutal and unforgiving. bruises splatter across yoongi's skin like canvas, jimin's personal art of possession.
the next two months, yoongi is hoseok's. unlike seokjin, hoseok doesn't keep their coupling to the nights or to their bedroom. he likes to play with yoongi where the younger ones can see them, especially jimin, the one most easily caught in the throes of jealousy.
the first two months, yoongi spends his nights with seokjin, the only one older than yoongi, who likes to whisper sweet promises into his ear while he fucks him ruthlessly and repeatedly, and then carries him to the river in the morning where he bathes him like an apology.
omg no no, kunti is the mother i believe. draupadi is the wife.
yes!
two months with each alpha—yoongi grumbles about the full hassle of it, but they all know he loves it, loves making each one of them wait almost a whole year before they can have him again, depraved and so bloody possessive that they ruin him each night.
woke up to desire of yoongi being railed by six men, but then i was like...wait, why does that sound familiar.
fact: this is actually a story from mahabharata, a major sanskrit epic from ancient india
however when the brothers head back to their village & announce to their mother in the hut that they have brought back a gift, their mother, without turning around, says that they must "equally share it amongst the six of them."   and like the dutiful sons they are, they do.
their youngest, jungkook, succeeds with an unrivalled ease. the other suitors object to his victory since the six alphas belong to the lower caste, but as per the rules of the challenge, yoongi is given to jungkook.
nsfw thought of the day: yoongi's father holds a challenge where he who succeeds at the task will be wed to yoongi. six passing alphas take interest in the contest & when all other suitors fail to shoot the fish in its eye just be looking at its reflection in the water +
the one time i dreamt of bts and this is what my brain cooked up
in the dream, the two of were watching a film and i called hoseok "hope" but for some reason, he got extremely offended? and he was of a higher status so he ordered the guards to throw me off the ship :<
i had a dream just now where me and hobi were pregnant half-octopuses on a ship. and there was a class system, like the most breedable kind were at the top of the social order. so the ones who birthed more children were given a higher status & it was set in some historical era.
i like it a lot too! i'm gonna sit on it for some time and see if i can flesh it out some more!
ahhh i am!!!! 😂 i'm happy you like it
can't write for it 😭 but i'm going to send a barrage of prompts
ooooooo
historical fantasy au!!!! omg
each time my phone would ring during class, everyone would burst into giggles. my mentor loved it, called it cute. my family's had enough of it though lol.
seokjin bathing yoongi. hoseok playing with his nipples at the dinner table while jimin fumes. jimin then fucking him hard and biting where everyone else can see. namjoon having a crisis. taehyung licking up yoongi's legs, and jungkook being their baby. i need to read them all 😭
his laugh has been my ringtone for 4 years now
the video that keeps me going
ahhhh thank you, i had so many thoughts about how each member would fuck yoongi for the longest time. i finally got to unleash them now.
but hmm i do like the idea of gambling, in another au? king seokjin gambling away his husband yoongi to his younger devious cousin taehyung?
noooo none of them are gambling yoongi away :< or treating him with any less respect that he deserves. they love and worship him. quite honestly i'm not very well versed in mahabharat, but i'm not a fan of what i do know of draupadi's story.
exactly. i never liked this whole bit in the original mythology tbh, but i like that i can take it and twist it into my kind of fiction and enjoy it in a way that doesn't feel degrading to me.
"poor little pregnant octopus" oh my god 🤣
thank you 😂
dutifully bringing tslot vhope to your attention
thank you 🥺 i love receiving energetic comments on my stories and it makes me very happy if i can bring that kind of delight to somebody else too. plus your stories are always so amazing, thank you so much for writing them!!! you deserve the best!!!
i would if i could :undefined
yeah, i'm suspicious of tae but the editors usually don't make it so obvious so it might not be him?? my second guess is that it's yoonjin. although jimin is suspicious enough to be a thief on his own too lol. i wanna see him smack everyone's butts
i'm intj so i'm pretty close :>
my bets are on taehyung undefined hobi are not likely either. i don't trust seokjin because i never trust seokjin. not much of yoongi was shown in this episode so i don't know about him.
i encourage this train of thought
oh my god it's finally here!
i've been chanting run bts all day today
now i need this to exist immediately
that's a great idea omg. i want to do this!! lemme think of an idea
nooo i think i lost it too. lemme look for it in our chat
i would advise against reading it lol. at least the whole draupadi part of the story, that never settled well with me. the bhagwad geeta is supposed to be good though.
i did send two! i'm gonna send more later today :>
i want to send prompts for the horror fest but i also want to keep them for myself d:
ohhh really? i've only had soju in the name of korean cuisine lol. do you have korean food recs? i want to try some anyway.
you can give it a try. mention that you'll write only a few. that way if several people give you prompts, you can select the ones you have ideas for.
i seriously need to try korean food. how spicy would it be compared to north indian food? because i can dunk down green chillies like nobody's business
there sweetest dragon fic there is, i wanted to put dragon tae in my pocket 😭
this is the reply i needed 😂
i was thinking the same thing 😭 like one day one of them will kiss him and that'll show him.
i just love that all bts ships work. all of them.
i want to know how the boys who sent 16 roses to kim seokjin on valentine's day when he was in an all-boys school are doing
me too it was so lovely
please i am sobbing over the story and if it wasn't past 1am here and if i didn't have an exam tomorrow i'd have read it like 5 more times already. thank you so much, you have no idea and i could never articulate how much the story touched me
i just finished reading the most wonderful story of my life and i really need a hug right now
watching them is like watching two cats screaming and rolling around each other like they're in heat
if someone doesn't already know this masterpiece though:
i just know i'm going to be running a query for historical au vmin on ao3 tonight
taehyung's cooking abilities unfortunately don't expand very far, but he's improving! and yoongi always eats it all and thanks him by excessively licking taehyung's fingers clean
and if yoongi climbs atop a chair and places all their jars on the topmost shelf before taehyung's rut starts just so he can ask taehyung to fetch them for him three times a day, then tae doesn't need to know that
years into their marriage, yoongi fondly indulges taehyung's desires to feed his omega all his food with his hands. he lets taehyung bathe him and maybe trim his hair a little?
maybe an omegaverse where ruts are just alphas feeling protective and overly caring for their partners. not sexually, but just providing for them by feeding them, carrying them in their arms, opening jars.
in the middle of my exam, my head is just full of taehyung hand-feeding yoongi, like with his actual hands
yes!!!
my first thought too 😂
i thought it was just a local thing!!!! i can't believe it. but yes that is a bit too tiny lol, i can't imagine how you even made them out of post-its
oh my god i used to make these when i was a kid. we used to insert our fingers in those 4 sockets and play some silly games with them
oh noooo 🥺 will it pass soon? you can buy new nice clothes once he's grown a bit older?
i'm sorry i haven't been able to write you a nice sincere comment that you deserve, it's been a busy day. but i loved the chapter so much!!!! i read it thrice last night even though i should've slept and i'll be ready to share all of my thoughts as soon as i can!!!!
oh my god 😂😂😂
on to my 4th reading of this chapter, here i go
you definitely were!!!! it reads so strong. as somebody who's had their name changed 3 times and feels no actual attachment to any name and has a complex relationship with their father, i'll tell you that i loved these 4 lines
it's so sweet, the way both of them smiled. honestly if someone agreed to use a tissue i'd used (slightly), i might go down on one knee too
we use a ton of spices regularly, plus i like my food extra spicy on top of that so i probably won't be fazed by it but i'm excited to try it anyway!!!
thank you!!! i will try those!!!!
i do too!! i've heard so often how spicy their food is so i was curious, but i wanna try it anyway!
i vote for   for the top social artist award at the    the problem i'm talking about- it hurts your head
omg yes!!! and tae really likes the smell so he keeps sniffing his newly wed husband yoongi's hands who finds it a (little) weird but indulges him lol
thank you!!! there's a severe lack of south asian motifs in the fics from this fandom so i was thinking of ways i could encourage more content. but this really goes against my no-writing rule ahhhh. maybe if people are interested, i'll try to host one later.
okay i'm genuinely curious because i haven't seen any fic event like this. would anybody be interested in this? i'm thinking of a fic exchange between south asian writers actually, but i'm open to any ideas if you have them
i feel that we, as a civilisation, moved on too fast from this.
anyway i'm not going to start anything big anytime soon so yeah :/ i'll sit on it. but if anyone's interested in either of these themes, lemme know!!
or one that focuses on fics set in south asia? that would be really interesting i think
there's so many interesting events, i feel like hosting one of my own: a harrowing bts fest, where you write all sorts of horrid tropes: infidelity, cannibalism, possession, stillbirths. everything.
ohhh that's really helpful, thank you!!!!
idk why but i'm a little eh about following the accounts but making a list sounds good! i'm gonna do that! do you know any archive where i can find fic events??
how do people keep track of the various fics fests/events that they're interested in, even if it's just for reading, should i make a list?
oh nooo i'm going to be reading this tonight thank you for the food !!!!
i can't believe i typed that either lol
namjoon's first because he'll take the longest to digest, then seokjin because he's the meaty main course obviously. hoseok undefined yoongi. those two are the two sweet cherries you pluck off the dessert and suck on.
bts being this horny in front of the camera knowingly and repeatedly feels very much like exposure therapy. like i know that one day taehyung is going to swallow all six of them whole in one bite and we'll just be like ah a regular monday morning, run bts tomorrow
please gently hold my hand & guide me to it 🥺
wait i have another one!!! estranged husbands vampires yoonmin who wake up after centuries and find themselves buried in the backyard of their meddlesome friends and trapped inside one coffin "so they'd finally fucking talk"
i'm late ahhhh!! but umm alpha/alpha taegi who are opponent gladiators in a bout but who are also in love with each other?
it was definitely laced with some murderous intent 😂 like i love you, but my thoughts are always at least 60% about murder
why was my first mental response to this tweet: "come diving with me, you'll certainly stay under water" ????
taehyung has to leave behind his husband and their child once he realises he's dying. but yoongi continues to love him still, even when whispers of mysterious disappearances and a monster start circulating around town.
sweet introverted durmstrang boys making an entrance
it shouldn't be that surprising considering how much i've been tweeting about taehyung kissing yoongi's feet but oh well
found a yoonjin knee kink fic last night and i'm so deeply sated somewhere inside me that i didn't know i could be, this is certainly going to spawn at least a few days of introspection
i was tweaking around with the tags and summaries of my fics last night at like 4am so it's possible that i did something idk
why did ao3 send out notifications????
oh my god why does ao3 do this
thank you!!!! you're so sweet, thank you
i have no respect for it either so we're good!!! and thank you!! i really like the visuals of taehyung licking yoongi's various body parts too!
please do!!! you can dm me too!! i love reading about historical accounts like these
i love dark prompts and all of this sounds so rich and intricate, i need to read about it in a lot more depth but i love concubine yoongi omygod thank you for putting that thought in my head. i will go through all the readings tomorrow morning!! thank you so much for sharing it!
yess!! they'd have so much fun doing it too. i can imagine jimin giggling and skipping away with shoes in his hands. and then jungkook would catapult them onto the 7th floor and it'd be chaotic.
yoongi's garments slip and expose his pale legs, and taehyung noses and licks and sucks at the thin skin between his toes, his dainty ankles, his pretty pale legs, tracing the dark intricate patterns of the henna with his tongue like they're the divine incantations of worship.
i'm more into this than i expected. yoongi has henna on his feet too, and taehyung has him lie down before he holds his legs, folds them until yoongi's knees are pressed to his chest and taehyung has his feet up in the air.
wedding night taegi au where yoongi is kneeling pretty on their bed with deep vermillion henna painted across his hands all the way up to his elbows, and his husband taehyung who is weirdly really into the smell and licks broad stripes across the center of yoongi's palms.
i'm so intrigued by the idea of living together with the churail who made you murder your husband and then possessed that dead husband. like what the fuck do you do?? lmao
i'm sorry :undefined
and they live happily ever after lol.
then taehyung possesses seokjin's corpse on his final breath undefined stretches his mouth wide, revealing a row of sharp teeth. "hello sweetheart," he says.
and because he's a mangalik, he is first married to a tree (undefined seokjin are having sex and yoongi is on top of him, taehyung possesses yoongi and makes him strangle seokjin on their bed.
yoongi is a trans man (but his family still considers him a woman). and seokjin is gay. they agree to get married since it favours both of them. but the wedding is made to follow the cishet norms and yoongi is the "bride" here.
taehyung is a churail here. a churail is a mythical demonic creature in south asian folklore who is often said to latch onto trees, so they're also called tree-spirits.
some hindu traditions: yoongi is a mangalik undefined non-mangalik marriages are disastrous. but if a pair like that wants to get married, the mangalik must first marry (typically) a tree so the misfortune is passed onto the tree instead of their partner.
yoonjin / taegi au where before yoongi can marry seokjin, he must first marry a tree.  (the tree doesn't want to share though)
taehyung and yoongi spend the rest of their vacation looking for him and dealing with the aftermath of losing their child.   they never do go through with the divorce. but neither do they find jungkook.
estranged husbands! taehyung & yoongi go on a family vacation before they break the news of their divorce to their 12 y/o son jungkook. except jungkook disappears from the hotel they were staying at after witnessing one of their fights.
i'm going to be organising all my aus / ideas / writing tweets in my moments & reposting a few of them in cleaner formats so if you see a barrage of taegi au tweets from me in the next few hours, you know why
i'm thinking a small suburban town mystery!! spooky cryptid vibes! but also angst because the entire town turns against taehyung and yoongi is the only one who fights to save him!
yess! and while the entire town turns against taehyung, yoongi fights to save him
yeah!! he knew something was wrong with him so he left his family behind
i initially thought he'd turn into a ghoul but then i went with monster, it'll be ambiguous what kind of a monster he is.
an old photo but it's smiley and that's my vibe right now. even though it's almost 4am
thank you!!!!!!
interesting how much faster you can get work done when you don't give a shit about it. i should try it more often. but that said! i'm finally free! i'm finished with my exams. now i can peacefully return to finishing my jigsaw puzzle
source:
this is the best analogy of the four houses that i've heard
they're really the tom & jerry duo
he looks so smug lol. i love it
more like a horrid hurricane but i'll take all compliments thrown my way. i am not picky
i'll slowly post them all and compile them into one neat archive. i want to write small excerpts for a few but i won't get too ambitious there. anyway, here's the link to the archive in case anybody at all is interested:
i've suddenly been feeling this strong urge to post & close all the plot ideas i had. but i have like 67 of them listed in my notes here lol. it feels like my life's work, an exploration of married taegi (2019-2021)
i really love this story. if i didn't quit writing, this is the one i was going to write next. i also find it hilarious that seokjin ended up dying even though yoongi married a tree. like the misfortune was passed to him anyway, despite all the bullshit.
i wish there was a feature where you could hide your follower count from your own self. i don't want to see it, i don't care to know.
your eyes are so pretty wow;!!
what the fuck is the right response lol.
nobody should let me tweet ideas post 3am. but since we're here anyway, my thoughts are: three vampire surgeons want to start a family with their new quiet nurse.
thank you   for the lovely moodboard!! 💛
tw non-con  "you won't feel a thing," seokjin promises, holding the syringe in one hand undefined eyes frozen on the semen in the syringe.
if you never to talk/rant, you can always dm me
oh no i definitely understood what you meant!! but yes! i'd love to see the trope written by people who actually live the reality of it undefined!! i'm screaming right now. i hope things will ease up for you though, please stay strong
as someone coming close to one myself, i often write/read the trope because it allows me to enjoy the idea of two people falling in love in a helpless situation. but reading one that's close to reality will be so incredibly cathartic omygod. i can't wait to see what you'll write!
my favourite bit is how apt taehyung's lyrics are. he's a fucking demon.
it's hilarious to me because their dynamic is always: seokjin starts something for giggles. but then you can see the immediate panic in his eyes when taehyung tosses his shit back at him with a wicked and all-consuming hunger.
a sequence of photos that slaps me and calls me single
taegijinmin (how many tannies are too many??) medical horror!!
me about every cishet man in my 5 foot radius:
definitely, when you're skimming through works on ao3, you're quick to judge them, but a rec from a friend makes you pause and reconsider them. you grow more deliberate.
i did a u-turn on those tears lmao
recommend me some please 🥺 i haven't read a lot of taegi lately
seriously, most fics i read are bc somebody recommended them to me. and on that note, here are a few fics i read recently& loved:
oh i definitely want to watch it now!! thank you!! my mother's not a fan of the horror genre but i'm certainly going to watch it!
thank you so much! i'm going to watch it tomorrow!!
it's on netflix!
the accuracy is taking me out
my mother is against it apparently. i'll have to watch it alone i think :< which is sad because i get scared very easily. but i'm also really intrigued by the old bengali horror aesthetic.
has anybody watched the film bulbul? is it good?
there'll definitely be three separate pregnancies. seokjin got to be first because he's their maker. and really can you expect vmin to be satisfied just like that. they keep yoongi in their giant mansion and take turns impregnating him next.
no no it's okay, i took it as excitement!! which made me more excited because i didn't expect anybody to be into this
i don't know if i can write something for it, but i'll try to tomorrow!! i can't believe i'm into this lol, but surprisingly i really am!
thank you!!! i wasn't sure if anybody would like it lol
hey!! oh we definitely could! wait lemme dm
hello!! thank you! but i'm on a writing break at the moment :< i just like to post the ideas that come to me, but i'm trying to not write them, i'm really sorry
so i just want to thank the people who did read my stuff. and thank myself for writing it for i wouldn't have read it otherwise.
if i wasn't the one who wrote the fics i wrote, i probably wouldn't have read them. i love writing distressing themes, but during that time i'm the storyteller and i can take it wherever i wish. whereas, i don't have that control or assurance of the plot when i'm just a reader.
ohh that'd be nice!! you mentioned that you like trope subversions, maybe you can make a rec blog for that?
i have no smart theories but my guess is: seokjin, jimin & taehyung. simply because it's a good habit to not trust those three. although yoongi is suspicious too.
run bts in 2 days. i will finally know who the fucking thieves are.
posting ideas for fics without feeling the pressure to write them feels pretty good actually
there's this one! & you can check out   too
it's like a switch turns on inside my brain at 3am. at this point i'm just wondering how far i can take myself.
taegi au where seven months into living on an unknown, uncharted planet after his spaceship crashes, yoongi learns to build a life. but it's only when he's pleasuring himself one night and a creature slithers inside his cabin that yoongi realises how lonely he's been.
i love the idea!!!! i'm support curious too because hoseok will raise all the cute baby taehyungs!!! he'll be so fond!! hurtful but so so fond and protective too!
ohhhh this is intriguing!! the new taehyungs won't remember hoseok, will they?
small slytherin husbands
but i just miss the coding and tinkering. it was a really cool project, for me at least.
don't regret taking it down because that time on stan twitter was extremely valuable to me. revealed to me a bunch of things i wouldn't have known otherwise & allowed me to develop a detachment from this place and its people.
sometimes i miss my taegi fic bot and all that i could've built for it
delusional with fever and thoughts of yoongi texting a long sad "i love you" to taehyung
so if you're in the taegi tag undefined you type "otp:true" you'll get fics where only one ship is tagged, it may be yoonmin or 2seok or any other ship
it lets you find fics where only your ship is tagged! that way you can filter out fics where your pairing is only a side ship or shoved among 20 other ships. you simply type "otp:true" in lapslock & with no spaces.
okay i will sleep now, before i get too excited about this.
that user is likely the most similar to me in terms of what tropes & ships we like to read, and the script would finally give me a list of recommended fics from their bookmarks that aren't in my own.
some speculation: i want to write a script that goes to every fic i bookmarked on ao3, makes a list of everybody else who bookmarked that fic as well, then finds the user who has the highest number of mutually bookmarked fics with me.
lastly, my most vain method: just go to the bookmarks of the readers who bookmarked your fic because they have good taste.
the only downside here is that it doesn't work too well with lesser known ships since it doesn't let you query with "otp:true" & you'll be bombarded with fics where your pairing is one among the 20 other ships.
another method that i don't use often but find useful anyway: go to a pairing and instead of going to its "works", go to its "bookmarks". you'll find fics of that pairing that people have bookmarked most recently.
if you're mutuals with me, i've most likely sent you fic recs in dms because i'm weird like that. but word of mouth helps a ton in fic promotion. i love receiving recs too so please send them to me if you ever have them.
if i find a fic i liked, i read the author's other stories and then the fics they bookmarked. find more authors there and go on.
for me, these days especially, because i want to dig out good fics for lesser known ships, i search by "otp:true" and filter fics that have over 20 comments and then sort them by date posted
i want to open a discussion: what ao3 search/sort/filter combinations do you find the most useful and for what purpose?
i am! thank you!!
he pretty pretty
13 hours & 17 minutes 🥺
sirs, have you read my fic:
operating on cishet men is my dream job
i know right@!! it took me back to their rookie king days
not gonna lie i'd be up for it 😂
ohhh oh please taejin in a psychological thriller would have me dead. both of them as these morally ambiguous villains in a hannibal-like premise.
i had no hopes lol. i had to rewind and watch that part thrice because i couldn't believe it.
poor thing, they tormented him for playing with a cat the entire time lmao
correct me if i'm wrong, but this is the first time they've found the spies in a run episode, right?
the boy's been scarred ever since he was betrayed by tae in the hangul day episode.
seriously, this was so funny
it really is!!!
the incredulous panic on yoongi's face lmao, like a joint "we're so screwed" he's so cute
i'm sure he'd appreciate it even if it's late 💛
thank you 🥺 i wanted to write a snippet of it at least if not the full thing.
yoongi and taehyung wanted to marry, but taehyung was of a lower caste so yoongi's parents refused to let him marry yoongi. taehyung is vengeful.
not sure if it'll grow into something bigger, but this was the original idea:
(2/2)
got a man; but i want you  husbands yoonmin / ex-boyfriends taegi / omegaverse  wrote something for my taegimin blackmail au on an impulse. (1/2)
thank you!!!!! i'm really happy you enjoyed it!
thank u 🥺 i'm just a baby developer trying to survive. tech scares me.
need some workplace horror aus, like actual horror, not workplace horror, i've had enough of that. like that smiley guy park jimin everybody in the office loves, but yoongi knows there's something off about him, something so horribly wrong, but nobody can see it.
imagine the fic as just a collection of love letters from taehyung to yoongi 😭😭 i am nowhere qualified enough to write it
yeah!!!! his sweet words and his sincerity are what attracts yoongi to him
ohh is it good?? i was planning to watch it
i'm sure it'll make its appearance 😔 today's angst matches my vibe of the day :|
not at the moment :< i wrote the few thoughts i had on an impulse but if something else comes to my mind, i'll add it!
please that's the whole reason i wrote it, like imagine you come back home to your in-laws in your living room and a dead body inside the refrigerator lmao. later jimin's mom wants to put the fruits she brought in the fridge & you can imagine their panic
thank you so much 🥺 i wasn't sure if it'll be interesting but i'm happy you liked it!!!! i just really liked the idea of parents in the living room and dead body in the fridge lmao
lmao that is me
i haven't slept so this was bound to happen 😭
thank u!!!
it's been a chaotic few days undefined it makes me so immensely happy!!! aaaaaaaaaaah thank you so much!!
i don't really have the time but i'm feeling and urge to write a small scene for this where yoongi will help wash taehyung and his tentacles as he starts to grow comfortable with them. maybe once i wake up.
lol seriously i'm just thinking about yoongi being freaked out about the tentacles (understandably) but then they start growing on him undefined i did consider making the tentacles ot7 lmao
i'm having such bad cramps, i have no idea why my brain thought this would be the best time to think about tentacle sex
it started as something dark & suspenseful, no idea why i went with cute tentacles
yoongi's husband disappears in the middle of the night. when he returns the next morning, yoongi knows something is wrong.  (a taegi alien abduction undefined respectful tentacles, the smallest of which yoongi names jimin.)
i deleted the 1900s letter writing taegi au since i hadn't added the appropriate warnings for the deception/coercion of disabled people. i apologise to anyone who was upset by the lack of thought put into writing those tweets.
but aaaah thank you, i'm really pleased that you found this bit memorable 🌼🌼🌼
you may not think it, but reading this line always makes me cry too
thank you!!! 🌼🌼🌼🌼
it's how i am 😭😭😭 i can't help it
there is a sword shoved in some cupboard in my house i believe, but it's most likely rusted and highly unsanitary to touch
this is the energy i aspire to harness everyday. fun fact: my last name actually means "sword" in my language
to anybody having a bad time, this is the energy i hope you'll have by the end of the day:
jimin with an axe always cheers me up for some reason! but omg yes, i already gushed to you about your vhope fic, it was so sweet and thoughtful and careful and just ahhhhhhhh i really loved it, you're an amazing author & i hope you feel stronger soon
🥺🥺🥺
nothing that i'm opposed to 😌
i'm staying in mussoorie for a couple of days, it's situated in the mountains in north india. there are a lot of monkeys here & they're not afraid of humans at all. honestly it was my fault for leaving the window open, that's basically an invitation
here you go!!! my favourite fic ever!
it was so terrifying!!! this is nightmare content for the next 2 months
thank you!! 💛💛💛
yes! it was terrifying but thankfully nothing awful happened :>
yeah it's a mountain region and there's loads of them here. technically it was my fault for leaving the window open but i wasn't feeling too well :<
yes i'm fine now!! i'm having breakfast!
i ran to the hallway to the staff and they chased it out, honestly i was just scared it'll get aggressive but thankfully it was only focused on the food. all my purses were also there but it didn't touch those
then i ran out barefoot in the hallway asking for help. the staff chased it out & it's trashed the entire room but i'm okay!
i was frozen on my bed and it just stared at me in the eyes as it ate through my biscuits and i stuttered through a call with the reception
a huge monkey got inside my hotel room and i swear i just lost 10 years of my life. it was like half my size oh my god
i'm not at home. i only have my phone on me undefined
tagging you   to let you know that i don't spend one waking moment when i'm not thinking of your gorgeously haunting writing
my monthly ihq tweet
"min yoongi went into the woods," he says. "and you came out."
i can't hear the remix until the day after tomorrow & it's killing me
thank you!!!!! your so sweet, i still read your comment whenever i need to lift my mood 🥺
yooooooooooongiiii
omg that series!!! it was such a horrifying premise but i loved the books!!! i haven't thought about them in ages!! i suddenly want to read them again
😂😂😂 they're moving like a mafia au fic protagonist lmao, sneaking inside my room through a window & then trying to kidnap me in my own car lol
honestly the entire trip i was reminded of this horrifying scene in a film (that i haven't watched save for this one scene)
ohh i haven't seen that! i was mostly just thinking of a wilderness survival horror kind of feeling? i'd need to watch a few films though bc i'm so not qualified to write the genre on my own
the "maybe" took me out 😂😂😂
please i'd be laughing too if it wasn't my own life at stake. i was so sure i wasn't going to come back home alive
please take it, i would pick to be a side character any day
i'm back home so i'm okay! it was a weird fucking trip
clearly no human wants me 😭 so they're trying to have a go i suppose 😭😭😭
that i should never leave my house? yes you're right. and i'm appropriately frightened. i'm never stepping outside of this house ever again
none of you will be laughing once i write an animal horror taegi fuc where the two of them are fighting a horde of rabid monkeys in a forest that is bent on pushing them down the food chain
the sequel: while travelling home i wasn't feeling well so when the driver stopped to get some water, i stepped out for fresh air. but one step out and the 30 monkeys surrounding us stared at me until i quietly returned to the car only to find a huge monkey in the driver's seat
seokjin you saved my horrible day thank you
fuck
i hope you like it! :>
oh my god i would actually pee if a monkey started to run in my direction. my mind was running wild today morning, i was like oh my god the monkey is going to jump on me and i'm going to have to wrestle it on the bed and it'll bite me and i'll die
oh my fucking god (that game was fun to play though, for the fifteen minutes i had it on my phone four years ago)
married slytherin professors bickering even as they dance together in the yule ball :'>
debt collector demon smut au where after granting yoongi his wish for revenge, it's finally time for taehyung to collect his payment
never
this is going to be branded on the walls of my brain right beside him saying "i want you to want me more" to yoongi
thank you so much!! it looks so good!!
thank you!! i'm going to start watching it today!
it's a new korean netflix mini-series & it looks really interesting!!
oh yes definitely!!! after reading what you wrote, i'm getting ideas of my own 😭 please share the fic with me though!! i need horror fics at all times
i've never read horror in a canon verse, this was so good!!!
nothing gets me going the way jimin does when he gets possessive
because despite his offending good looks & the ease with which he managed to charm both his demons, taehyung is fucking young. there's nothing that can salvage that. he's young and yoongi is the unmated omega approaching his forties who earns pitying looks in the grocery aisles.
the bastard is doing it on purpose too, yoongi's sure of it, in his own haphazard attempts at matchmaking. hoseok & him have taken to calling yoongi a cougar too which makes yoongi hide his face behind his palms at night and groan into his pillow because—
& even though "friendship" is what yoongi is calling it, he isn't blind to the way heads swivel to look at taehyung on the streets, the way his own eyes gravitate to taehyung's sweaty chest and stomach when namjoon almost burns down their kitchen the third time in a month.
jimin undefined yoongi is left very amused and fond from that particular interaction. taehyung does his best to look petrified and sincere which earns him an approving nod from the two looming pups.
anyway i was just thinking about a hot undefined a hyperactive 12 y/o (seokjin)
this prompt was a little too normal for me so i spent 5 minutes just thinking how i could make it about death or murder or cannibalism. one of those variations had yoongi burying his past husbands in the backyard of his giant mansion.
listen to me for a sec: jaded older omega yoongi who thought he'd seen all that alphas had to offer (he wasn't impressed) & after 2 divorces he thought he was just about done with them. but he keeps running into the tall cheeky firefighter after namjoon sets their kitchen on fire
but i'm going to have more older omega yoongi thoughts, what will i do if not throw them at you
my favourite variation is: an older omega yoongi in his 30s fondly smiling & mumbling "behave" in the ear of his younger and overly eager alpha boyfriend taehyung whenever he gets touchy in public
ok this is possibly my favourite selca of him so far
wait what the fuck
i've been so out of it for the past few days. i rewatched all of naruto shippuden from the beginning only to now rear my head from the uchiha sasuke/uzumaki naruto ao3 tag one week later with a completely different personality and a billion new fic ideas.
i saw corruption journey undefined-
my biggest obstacle is that this is my first year in this institute & due to everything being online, i hardly know any faculty, nobody i can actually trust. that's why i'm scared of approaching anybody about it. i'll try to though, i'm too angry rn so i'll sleep on it first
i'm kinda leaning towards that myself :'>
taehyung is abducted undefined
i was honestly curious which one people might choose bc all three are kinda horrible. ok the first one is still ok but the other two are very grey on the moral scale
wait omg dms!!
i only started to discover how much i liked an older omega yoongi myself!!! it's been messing with my head ever since!!
i wanna write something a little longer (not a fic, a small drabble maybe, definitely something longer than the impromptu tweet threads i've been doing) basically just pick the option you like:
taejin???!? by spudcity???!?! i would honestly ascend, i always wondered how you'd write taejin! i obviously always love your seokjin & i think about seokjin putting salt in taehyung's water in your yoonmin court politics au so often! i'm so excited!
this is so cute !!!!!;
i'm really just typing it from the top of my head & my mother keeps calling me for chores
yoongi enjoys the honesty, the openness with which taehyung displays his affection. it's not overbearing, the way yoongi's always felt attention from alphas to be like, but it is intense, the way all things with taehyung typically are.
his delight at swordfighting with jimin or gaming with seokjin never feels pretend either. he enjoys the time he spends with the pups, and the way he holds yoongi's hand or washes the dishes to thank yoongi for dinner feels honest as well.
he's sweet, gentle and respectful, if maybe a little cheeky in the unabashed way he sometimes stares at yoongi even after being caught. but that's the thing–nothing about taehyung feels like it's an ulterior motive. he grins and laughs and watches yoongi with an unapologetic want
yoongi wants to say that taehyung is unlike any alpha that he's met, but it's not true. he's an alpha, and it's obvious in the way yoongi sometimes catches him watching him. he never oversteps, never intrudes or invades what is obviously yoongi and his kids' space.
the only thing he's grateful for are the two angels he's got with him. there's namjoon, hoseok, and jungkook, his apprentice slash babysitter, to support him. he doesn't need an alpha to play an egocentric patriarch to compete his family.
yoongi is over that though, he doesn't care if he's mated or not. being mated to either of the two assholes—he honestly can't see the appeal. not that it matters, they're both buried deep under his backyard & they aren't moving anytime soon.
i am: predictable 😂
i love this oh my god, can i add this to the thread please?
it was miracle in cell no. 7 if i remember correctly? i wanted to watch it some time back but it looked so distressing me and my mother did a u-turn five minutes into it. how is it? should i put myself through it?
yes i have ihq on my mind like i always do but that's besides the point.
i would love to read commentaries on my favourite fics by their authors.
peeking inside other fandoms is so intriguing bc their way of doing fics is so different. the tags & tropes are different. it's really cool to wade through it, i found an author who did a commentary on their fic on lj, little annotations of their thoughts alongside the fic.
i loved it so much wow ahhhh thank you i'm going to be incoherent for the next few hours now
the way i screeched when i got the notification email like hello??? arranged marriage? in space?? and lookalike sex robots??? do you want to woo me?? because this is how you woo me
that's the one i'm excited for too!! i feel like writing all 3 of them honestly, but let's see when i actually start writing because my feelings then would be wholly different
but if anybody's interested, i read one really good sasuke/sakura fic. i don't know how i stumbled across it since i barely read that ship but it's so well-written so if anyone wants to give it a try:
i don't know what's the reason, kishimoto doesn't have full control over the direction of the story either, with editors breathing down his neck or whatever, i can only speculate. but knowing that he liked sakura but was driven to the point where he regretted her makes me sad.
why did i make this poll for 24 hours again...? i never remember to fix that
sakura's potential in the series was largely left unexplored, but i still really liked her character. it's the misogynistic fanworks that get me growling at my screen, fics where sakura is the demonised witch whose purpose is just to get between naruto & sasuke like fuck off pls
i was reading a translation of an old interview with kishimoto where he talks about sakura's unpopularity. he says he spent a lot of time trying to develop her but he always got so much hate from the fans that he eventually regretted her entire character.
finding out kishimoto actually really loved sakura & tried to develop her but got so much hate from the fans that he wanted to drop her entirely has me in tears.
i love this
they're the same! a demon possesses the dead husband's corpse undefined lets the taehyung/not-taehyung fuck him
i laughed too hard at this, it's 4am and if my mother wakes up & sees i'm awake, she's going to beat me up
lmaoo that was me for the entire month after i read that fic. i was terrified
thank you so much!!! i'm always so happy whenever people enjoy this fic!
they beat me to it 😔
i'll write till it feels good, without expecting to post it because that's where all the bad stuff like pressure undefined never actually finish the fic lol.
thank you!!! it's very surprising honestly, because i've begun to write all the things i used to not like in the past, dead dove & dub-con being two of them. it's kind of like writing bad things in ways that i can enjoy them, like reclaiming them or something idk.
thank you!!!! i feel like i should write just to do the visuals justice lmao. but even though i like the plot, i'm not liking that i'm getting back into something that was so difficult to leave in the first place, i'm confused atm :/
he's me on every zoom call. i was wondering why everyone was sitting on desks when there was a delicious bed right there
thank you!!! now i want to write something just so i can use these graphics somewhere lol
i think i should just make titles, graphics undefined this one's both.
but i'm still trying to write maybe 100 words a day or something. i have a plot that's been keeping me invested enough. i made some graphics for it that i want to share!! it's got the indian horror vibe that i'm in love with.
in other news, i tried writing again & boy i was harshly reminded of why i left it in the first place. i just want to come up with plots in peace without having to write a single word of it. that is the only time i shall know peace.
i haven't watched this or the last week's run episode. that alone speaks volumes about how out of sorts i've been. i'm sorry to everybody whom i've not responded to in the dms. it's been a few flustered weeks.
this is actually kinda funny now that i think about it.
because i must build a horror premise about everything i learn: imagine yoongi living in his house in a desolate town in the suburbs while his six undead husbands ring bells in the backyard every night.
learnt a curious thing today where people during cholera epidemics were buried in coffins with bells attached to them so that in case someone was buried alive, they could ring the bell once they woke up.
it fucks with me that it fucks with you. that fic was gorgeous!! it was my gay awakening except to the horror genre, i haven't been the same person since i read it, i'm this close to just calling this account an ihq love bot
exactly! or collectively they'd just figure out how horrible the whole system is and demolish the stone statues, stop sending kids to war, and stop leaving orphans to fend for themselves. naruto would maybe realise hokage isn't all that it's made to be.
if i was kishimoto i'd have made sakura the hokage just to spite everybody.
ah. so that's what it is.
thinking of the dream i had a couple of days ago where it was a little mermaid au except in reverse & i got to trade my body and shed my gender and become a mer-person who leaves the human world behind and starts afresh in the ocean. it was so nice, i woke up crying.
didn't realise how much i needed to hear this until now.
i don't really take part in fests but for me, general theme fests are differently more interesting, but they're also often populated by more popular pairings. i check out pairing fests for smaller ships, they have some really good stuff!!
!!!!!!!
i'm sorry :undefined i just really wanted to write a dead dove at least once in my life.
the "real" taehyung was yoongi's husband who went missing during war. this is a monster posing as taehyung who fucks yoongi but halfway during it yoongi realises it isn't tae (because of the eggs being deposited inside him)
thank you!!! 💛💛💛
it is!! or well it's a monster posing as taehyung.
went looking for the documentation of the exact moment the idea of an immortal taehyung revealing his secrets to yoongi while trapped in an elevator during a zombie apocalypse struck my brain
not sure if i'll ever finish it but i'm trying to have fun writing something without perfecting it with the expectation of posting it.
last time i got my height measured was in 10th grade & i too arbitrarily add more centimetres if someone asks, it depends on my mood.
jimin as diedara would be so good!!! they're both petty and fiery! i imagined hobi as kisame though? like both serious and funny? the rest i'm not sure, i thought seokjin would suit hidan & namjoon could be pain? jk as tobi????? i don't know d:
i always imagined him undefined calls it their honeymoon just to get under yoongi's skin.
taehyung as hidan!!!!
bts as akatsuki: begin discussion
nooo please, fests don't deserve your stories!! ive been feeling attracted to the dead dove for so long myself, don't let the fests stop you!
sometimes when i remember that there's a very real possibility that i might have to marry a tree, i fucking laugh because there's no way i'm not going to remain married to that tree for the rest of my life because that's what i fucking want. no men. only tree trunks.
oh noooo i'm sorry d: i'm sure he's in a good place somewhere. this ginger is doing well i think? i haven't spent a lot of time with him yet but he isn't being chased around the house by my younger cousin so that's good
fuck hokage sakura i need akatsuki sakura 😭😭😭
jimin & fibo! don't ask me why
he is! he comes and quietly sleeps next to me because i don't annoy him and then he leaves. it's a lovely friendship time.
his name is ginger and he's very gentle
but also: cat
good to be in the city, but also 5 days of quarantine where i awkwardly coexist with my relatives
finally in bangalore :-:
but i just love the thought of a hokage sakura honestly
found a lovely list of horrible tropes undefined
i voted 2seok but i'm now thinking jinmin!! a vamp seokjin undefined is only mildly allergic to it so he remains unbothered lol
oh yes that does make sense! reading sucks the life out of me sometimes, plus i think being on twitter does make me less patient when it comes to consuming big text. i think this makes an interesting line of inquiry, i'll talk to my professor about pursuing it! thank you!
oh this is lovely!!! sometimes i feel like i'm the stupid one for not understanding. i keep a journal of words i come across in a paper so i can memorise them later, but it's starting to grow exhausting & nothing about reading feels joyful anymore.
oh my god, him. i drew inspiration from his philosophy for a project but i skipped his writing & just heard some discussions on his work lol
seeing the beginnings of a capstone project: a program that simplifies the writing in research papers lmao.
a smarter person is somebody who makes complex things simpler to understand, not the other way round. college readings are going to be my villain origin story, i swear.
what's the use of writing something if your motive is to sound smart & not that the reader understands what you're saying.
why are college readings so difficult to understand when their sole purpose is to educate? i'm not a native speaker but i've been speaking the language since i was a child. i have a decent vocabulary, but then why do i have to read the text multiple times to understand it?
gods i needed this tweet 6 years ago
well fuck
taegi having a dystopian wedding!!!! that's like everything i could live and die a thousand times for!!! sara, you're a divine blessing 🥺
like sir you did not suggest that i turn in the dub-con monster oviposition taegi au that i've slowly guiltily been writing instead of working on my project as my actual project
random but: i was discussing my project on care for queer kids in boarding schools with my professor and i was telling him how fanfiction sort of helped me grow a better headspace about these things, and he's like why not write a fanfiction for the project??????
thank you love!  6 things i like+6 ppl: ☀️summer 🥭🍨mangoes + ice cream 🦄donkeys ✉️emails about fic updates 💜kim seokjin's confidence 🦶pressing my cheeks against my mother's feet (it's nice)  tagging everybody who wants to do it!
no but i'll be back on the weekend. i really can't do twitter on top of college.
i am sated. now i shall return to my life and pretend this app doesn't exist on my phone.
seeeeeeeokjin
that was the most excitement i'd ever felt in my life lol.
i know right!! the games were so smart, and the moment akiyama started talking you knew shit was going to happen. loved that guy. but i can't remember how that manga ended for some reason
dove deep into lee hyori's music only to resurface and learn that her birthday's just a day before mine???? for some reason it makes me so happy???
these are so funny, thank you, i needed this today
i'm still where i was, but to squid game enthusiasts: may i suggest the manga "liar game" to you? same shit but much better.
i'm scared to open mine. even though the series has been pretty predictable so far.
thank you!! i'm in the process of getting over it. i didn't talk about it for ages but i'm unpacking it now and it's going good i think
asdfgshmkllll
omg i laughed too loud, thank you
thank you!! that is the best thing to hear, it makes my discomfort amount to something worthwhile
thank you for reading!! it's very personal to me but i'm trying to bully that embarrassment & shame out of me by sharing it so publicly.
coming here was a mistake. i'm still on the second episode of squid game
somebody wrote my prompt????!!! i am...not used to this feeling ohmygod, i haven't felt this excited in a long time
thank you!!
i'm feeling much better, thank you so much!!
you're so sweet, i don't deserve you. thank you so much!!!
but in other good news: i found this photo of a donkey & made it my phone wallpaper, it cheers me up everytime i see it
hello, how is everybody? i haven't been here much i'm sorry :< my anxiety's spiked in the past few days and i can't sleep and it's not been a good time basically
i don't know about tattoos 😅 but ahhhh i'm happy you liked them!! i'm not really an artist but i wanted to give it a try, i'm surprised it came out okay, i had no expectations
thank you so much 🥺🥺🥺
thank you so much love, it's been so long since i drew something, i'm glad you liked it!!
ahhhh thank you!! i'm not really an artist so sharing this here felt weird but thank you!!!!
hello!! i'm sorry i haven't been here much :/ i get like that sometimes, but i hope you're doing well too!!!
thank you 🥺
drew something after a long time. title: "the waiting horrors of womanhood"
update: i finished the 5th episode and that's all i'm going to watch of this show. not sure what the hype has been about. i'd again recommend liar game instead to everybody.
yeaaaaa omg i love this
i drew another one!! it's called "bent body" and it's a very personal piece actually. it's about my feelings towards my body and how the curve in my spine grew more prominent as i slouched to hide my chest.
😂😂😂 is this a compliment or...??
yeah same
yesss evil jimim agenda must never stop
i just think naruto's obsession with bringing sasuke back remains largely unexplored, so this is my fucked up take on it. naruto chains sasuke to the floor in his room until kurama enters his cycle and naruto needs to lay kurama's eggs in a vessel :)
this is what happens when i decide to re-watch all of naruto shipudden.
the urge to write a fic 5 minutes before a class starts...
i always wanted to read a canon fic where naruto realises that he doesn't really want to be a hokage, i never thought i'd find one but fuck i did and it was better in all kinds of unimaginable ways
omg thank you!!! i've read the frat au yoonmin, it was so good!! i'll read the rest too, all of them are the stuff i like lol, you either know me well or i'm just very obvious
thank you 🥺🥺🥺 i don't call myself an artist because uh i haven't drawn in years and i don't have any formal training whatsoever, i just dabbled in it in high school, but thank you your words mean a lot!!!
it's killing me how apt it is that taehyung calls yoongi a tart. yoongo is my tart now
hello anybody wants to pull me out of the naruto/sasuke ao3 tag and back into this fandom by recommending some fics?
so i was confused about that as well, but apparently there were 2 batches and the first batch of fics were revealed last month. this will probably be revealed in the second batch that's from 12-14th this month
they probably don't make much sense on their own, but they're illustrations for a story i wrote about being non-binary in an all-girls' boarding school. i'll be adding more illustrations soon as i draw them!
"menstruation": part ii in this series. i fucked up the sea as you can probably tell, and if you can't tell, it's a sea of menstruation blood.
yess i will
matched with a really cute woman on tinder but she talks like a creepy old man 😩
💛💛💛💛
don't love me like this! that's the first work i read of yours and i might be biased but it's the loveliest thing i've read
i make it sound like it's a guide to building confidence but i'm literally asking the question myself
this thread is a mess. i have no answer except i've been suggested to read the bhagwad gita and to meditate.
my father tells me to grow more detached to the material world, to stop focusing on the outcome of my actions, to have lesser expectations from others and to be more shameless. he says it better but some of it gets lost in its translation to english.
basically: you need to feel valuable and worthy and confident even when everything in your life feels like it's crumbling apart. that won't happen if you only attach your worth to moments when you're doing comparitively better than the person next to you.
i sense no worth in me if i'm not performing better than others. i have nothing to hold myself up when i fail, as i inevitably will often in my life.
small habits like feeling that spark of jealousy while scrolling through linkedin or feeling sated when i visibly perform better than my peers in uni, ceaselessly comparing and measuring myself against others has ruined me.
today has been a reflective day, and i'm realising that i have very little mental resilience to hold me up in times of crises
how to build self-confidence that stands independent from your talents/accomplishments/social circle/body and sustains itself in spite of failures, rejections, and others' judgement of you
the longer i live, the more relatable villain characters become
read this in the author's notes of a fic and i think fic writers need to read this.
here are the 3 songs i've loved so far:
anybody looking for some haunting historical korean music? i just discovered ahn yeeun and i'm bursting at the seams. her voice gives me all kinds of wonderful chills.
i should've given my fic a funny tag like this, maybe btsao3tags would notice me then
i haven't read fics of this fandom for some time, but if anyone wants some naruto/sasuke fics instead:
i retweet this knowing fully well my own bookmarks are private
i love reading travel fics and it's my dream to write one long one myself. but i suck at world-building and descriptions and slow burn. it's the opposite of what i usually write.
new idea for naruto fic: dante's 9 circles of hell au where the war ends, and sasuke intends to travel through the 9 circles of hell to repent for his sins, but naruto has had enough of him going off alone so this time he's coming with him.
stick to one fic idea goddammit
i wanted to write a fic for naruto, but a week's too short for any of my ideas. my taegi monster oviposition au is still the most fleshed out wip i have so i'll try to work on that.
i have a week long diwali break and its nano month, perhaps...?
like ot7 are just these seven immortal demonic bastards who are in love with each other but they're all in seven different hells of denial.
oh absolutely but now this one tweet alone will birth 17 new ideas in my brain
i have migrated back to   after 7 years, a full circle. i can't believe this
the only redeeming quality of this day is ailee's new song
filter, inner child, ego
i was supposed to sleep at 12 and here i am at 5am, trying to find the identity of the deleted fic in my bookmarks :/
i just think yoongi would be great as a sex advice columnist. and i think taehyung will always have a foot kink in my universes.
prompt: yoongi is a sex advice columnist & taehyung is his vamp flatmate who writes anonymously to a magazine for help with human anatomies and foot kinks. seokjin is the magazine editor who sorts through the requests for yoongi. he's also tae's ex from before tae died.
this but put them in the middle of an apocalypse
fuck i wanna play
thinking about it again today
*passionate stars in eyes*
really really. now give me that taegi smut
....im sorry...i regret anything my past immature self might have said to you
*smug*
my sweet sweet wifi yas now lets start writing again im so inspired
hehe
this is the truest thing ive seen all week
ha thats where all my fuking fics lie; im a horrible person
my life is fulfilled
🌚😳😊😱😭🤔🙊👏🏻
dont make me jealous i dont have smileys ok
no no im just horribly lazy but talking to u helps so ill definitely post it i promised to gift it to u anyway <3
*sweats*
yass you go do that
uhh...if i dont end up posting it you'll kill me wont u
...i havent..watched it,,,,but i just..wanted a smol cannibal yoongi bf ..but ok
thats going to be the summary i t h i n k
i dont like u. i just want a cannibalistic dating partner and ur just being rude ma'am
my name is khan. or even black and haider.
taegi~~
my otp!!!
fire, cypher, bst, baepsae, not today, dope, boyz with fun, 21st century idc man they can have the entire screentime
